{"The Marshall Mathers LP": {"Public Service Announcement 2000 (Ft.\u00a0Jeff\u00a0Bass)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Announcer: Jeff Bass & Eminem] This is another public service announcement brought to you, in part, by Slim Shady Tell 'em I don't give a fuck! Slim Shady does not give a fuck what you think! Tell 'em to suck it If you don't like it, you can suck his fucking cock! Tell 'em to kiss my ass! Little did you know, upon purchasing this album, you have just kissed his ass! Tell 'em I'm fed up! Slim Shady is fed up with your shit, and he's going to kill you Yeah A-Anything else? Yeah, sue me!"}, "Kill YouLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] When I was just a little baby boy my momma used to Tell me these crazy things She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man She used to tell me he hated me But then I got a little bit older and I realized She was the crazy one But there was nothin' I could do or say to try to change it 'Cause that's just the way she was  [Verse 1] They said I can't rap about bein' broke no more They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more (Ahh) Slut, you think I won't choke no whore 'Til the vocal cords won't work in her throat no more? (Ahh) These motherfuckers are thinkin' I'm playin' Thinkin' I'm sayin' this shit 'cause I'm thinkin' it just to be sayin' it (Ahh) Put your hands down, bitch\u2014I ain't gon' shoot you I'ma pull you to this bullet and put it through you (Ahh) Shut up, slut! You're causin' too much chaos Just bend over and take it like a slut\u2014okay, Ma? \"Oh, now he's rapin' his own mother Abusin' a whore, snortin' coke and we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?\" You goddamn right, bitch, and now it's too late I'm triple platinum and tragedies happened in two states I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile vicious Vain Vicodin, *vrin vrin vrin!* Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all Danglin' from his neck while his head barely hangs on Blood, guts, guns, cuts Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts "}, "Stan (Ft.\u00a0Dido)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Produced by DJ Mark the 45 King]  [Intro: Dido] My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why I Got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window (Window) And I can't see at all And even if I could, it'd all be grey But your picture on my wall It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad (Bad)  [Chorus: Dido] My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why I Got out of bed at all The morning rain clouds up my window (Window) And I can't see at all And even if I could, it'd all be grey But your picture on my wall It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad (Bad)  [Verse 1: Eminem] Dear Slim, I wrote you, but you still ain't callin' I left my cell, my pager and my home phone at the bottom I sent two letters back in autumn, you must not've got 'em There prob'ly was a problem at the post office or somethin' Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em But anyways, fuck it, what's been up, man? How's your daughter? My girlfriend's pregnant too, I'm 'bout to be a father If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her? I'ma name her Bonnie I read about your Uncle Ronnie too, I'm sorry I had a friend kill himself over some bitch who didn't want him I know you prob'ly hear this every day, but I'm your biggest fan I even got the underground shit that you did with Skam I got a room full of your posters and your pictures, man I like the shit you did with Rawkus too, that shit was phat Anyways, I hope you get this, man, hit me back Just to chat, truly yours, your biggest fan, this is Stan "}, "Paul (Skit) [2000] by\u00a0Paul\u00a0RosenbergLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Skit: Paul Rosenberg] Em, what\u2019s going on? It\u2019s Paul Um\u2026 Dre gave me a copy of the new album And I just\u2026 *sigh*\u2026Fuck it! *hangs up*"}, "Who KnewLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] (I never knew I, knew I, knew I) (I never knew I, knew I, knew I) Mic check, one-two (I never knew I, knew I, knew I) Who woulda knew? (I never knew I, knew I, knew I) Who woulda known? (I never knew I, knew I, knew I) Fuck would of thought? (I never knew I, knew I, knew I) Motherfucker comes out (I never knew I, knew I, knew I) Sells a couple of million records (I never knew I, knew I, knew I) And these motherfuckers hit the ceiling (I never knew I)  [Verse 1] I don't do Black music, I don't do white music (Nope) I make fight music for high school kids I put lives at risk when I drive like this I put wives at risk with a knife like this (Ah!) (Shit) You probably think I'm in your tape deck now I'm in the backseat of your truck with duct tape stretched out Ducked the fuck way down, waitin' to straight jump out Put it over your mouth, and grab you by the face \u2014 what now? Oh, you want me to watch my mouth? How? Take my fuckin' eyeballs out and turn 'em around? (Look) I'll burn your fuckin' house down, circle around And hit the hydrant, so you can't put your burnin' furniture out (Oh my God! Oh my God!) I'm sorry, there must be a mix-up You want me to fix up lyrics while our president gets his dick sucked? Fuck that! Take drugs, rape sluts Make fun of gay clubs, men who wear make-up Get aware, wake up, get a sense of humor Quit tryin' to censor music, this is for your kid's amusement (The kids!) But don't blame me when little Eric jumps off of the terrace You shoulda been watchin' him, apparently you ain't parents "}, "Steve Berman (Skit) by\u00a0Eminem\u00a0& Steve BermanLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Skit: Eminem, Steve Berman, Vanessa (Secretary)] *door opening* *Instrumental for What's the Difference by Dr. Dre (Ft. Eminem & Xzibit) plays in the background* Aye! Hey, Em, what's up? Steve Berman, what's going on, man? How you doin'? Good to see you again, what's up? Em, could you come here and have a seat, please? Umm, yeah, what's u- Vanessa, shut the door Okay, *door closes* So, what's up? How's orders lookin' for the first week? It would be better if you gave me nothing at all Wh- This album is less than nothing I can't sell this fucking record Wha- Do you know what's happening to me out there? Wh-wha-what's the problem? Violet Brown told me to go fuck myself! Who's Violet- Tower Records told me to shove this record up my ass! Do you know what it feels like to be told to have a record Shoved up your ass? But I- I'm gonna lose my fucking job over this Do you know why Dre's record was so successful? He's rapping about big-screen TV's, blunts, 40's and bitches You're rapping about homosexuals and Vicodin I mean... I can't sell this shit! What- Either change the record or it's not comin' out! What? I- Now get the fuck out of my office! What am I 'sposed- Now! *sigh* Alright, man-"}, "The Way I AmLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Segue from \"Steve Berman (Skit)\"] ...Man, whatever  [Intro] Dre, just let it run Ayo, turn the beat up a little bit Ayo This song is for anyone Fuck it, just shut up and listen Ayo  [Verse 1] I sit back with this pack of Zig-Zag's and this bag Of this weed, it gives me the shit needed to be The most meanest MC on this, on this Earth And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just curse And just blurt this berserk and bizarre shit that works And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve All this tension, dispensin' these sentences Gettin' this stress that's been eatin' me recently off Of this chest and I rest again peacefully But at least have the decency in you To leave me alone, when you freaks see me out In the streets when I'm eatin' or feedin' my daughter To not come and speak to me I don't know you, and no, I don't owe you a motherfuckin' thing I'm not Mr. *NSYNC, I'm not what your friends think I'm not Mr. Friendly, I can be a prick If you tempt me, my tank is on empty No patience is in me and if you offend me I'm liftin' you ten feet in the air I don't care who was there and who saw me just jaw you Go call you a lawyer, file you a lawsuit I'll smile in the courtroom and buy you a wardrobe I'm tired of all you, I don't mean to be mean But that's all I can be, it's just me "}, "The Real Slim ShadyLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] May I have your attention, please? May I have your attention, please? Will the real Slim Shady please stand up? I repeat Will the real Slim Shady please stand up? We're gonna have a problem here  [Verse 1] Y'all act like you never seen a white person before Jaws all on the floor like Pam, like Tommy just burst in the door And started whoopin' her ass worse than before They first were divorced, throwin' her over furniture (Agh) It's the return of the\"Oh, wait, no way, you're kidding He didn't just say what I think he did, did he?\" And Dr. Dre said Nothing, you idiots, Dr. Dre's dead, he's locked in my basement (Ha-ha) Feminist women love Eminem \"Chicka-chicka-chicka, Slim Shady,I'm sick of him Look at him, walkin' around, grabbin' his you-know-what Flippin' the you-know-who\", \"Yeah, but he's so cute though\" Yeah, I probably got a couple of screws up in my head loose But no worse than what's goin' on in your parents' bedrooms Sometimes I wanna get on TV and just let loose But can't, but it's cool for Tom Green to hump a dead moose \"My bum is on your lips, my bum is on your lips\" And if I'm lucky, you might just give it a little kiss And that's the message that we deliver to little kids And expect them not to know what a woman's clitoris is Of course, they're gonna know what intercourse is By the time they hit fourth gradethey've got the Discovery Channel, don't they? We ain't nothin' but mammals Well, some of us cannibals who cut other people open like cantaloupes But if we can hump dead animals and antelopes Then there's no reason that a man and another man can't elope But if you feel like I feel, I got the antidote Women, wave your pantyhose, sing the chorus, and it goes "}, "Remember Me? (Ft.\u00a0RBX & Sticky\u00a0Fingaz)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Chorus: RBX] Remember me? Seven executions Remember me? I have no remorse Remember me? I'm high-powered Remember me? I drop bombs, like Hiroshima  [Verse 1: RBX] For this one, they scream \"X, you retarded?!\" 'Cause I grab the mic and get down like syndrome Hide and roam into the masses Without boundaries, which qualifies me For the term \u201cuniversal\u201d without no rehearsal I leak words that's controversial Like I'm not the one you wanna contest, see 'Cause I'll hit your ass like the train did that bitch That got banned from TV, heavyweight getup Hit you, watch your whole head split up Loco is the motion, we comin' through Hollow-tips is the lead the .45 threw  [Chorus: Sticky Fingaz] Remember me? Throw ya gunz in the air Remember me? Slam! Slam! Remember me? Nigga, back the fuck up! Remember me? Chka-chka-Onyx "}, "I\u2019m BackLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Chorus] That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back) I'm back (I'm back), I'm back (Slim Shady!) That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back) I'm back (I'm back), I'm back (Slim Shady!) That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back) I'm back (I'm back), I'm back (Slim Shady!) That's why they call me Slim Shady (I'm back) I'm back (I'm back), I'm back (Slim Shady-Shady!)  [Verse 1] I murder a rhyme, one word at a time You never heard of a mind as perverted as mine You better get rid of that 9, it ain't gonna help What good's it gonna do against a man that strangles himself? I'm waitin' for Hell, like Hell, shit, I'm anxious as Hell Manson, you're safe in that cell, be thankful it's jail I used to be my mommy's little angel at twelve Thirteen, I was puttin' shells in a gauge on a shelf I used to get punked and bullied on my block 'Til I cut a kitten's head off and stuck it in this kid's mailbox (Hey Ma', Ma'!) I used to give a fuck, now I could give a fuck less What do I think of success? It sucks, too much press I'm stressed, too much cess, depressed, too upset It's just too much mess, I guess I must just blew up quick (Yes) Grew up quick (No), was raised right Whatever you say is wrong, whatever I say's right You think of my name now whenever you say, \"Hi\" Became a commodity 'cause I'm W-H-I- T-E, 'cause MTV was so friendly to me Can't wait 'til Kim sees me Now, is it worth it? Look at my life, how is it perfect? Read my lips, bitch! What, my mouth isn't workin'? You hear this finger? Oh, it's upside down Here, let me turn this motherfucker up right now "}, "Marshall MathersLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] You know, I just don't get it Last year, I was nobody This year, I'm selling records Now everybody wants to come around Like I owe 'em somethin' The fuck you want from me Ten-million dollars? Get the fuck outta here  [Chorus 1] You see, I'm just Marshall Mathers (Marshall Mathers) I'm just a regular guy, I don't know why all the Fuss about me (Fuss about me) Nobody ever gave a fuck before, all they did Was doubt me (Did was doubt me) Now everybody wanna run they mouth and try to Take shots at me (Take shots at me)  [Verse 1] Yo You might see me joggin', you might see me walkin' You might see me walkin' a dead Rottweiler dog With its head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar Hollerin' at him 'cause the son of a bitch won't quit barkin' (Ruff ruff) Or leanin' out a window with a cocked shotgun Drivin' up the block in the car that they shot Pac in Lookin' for Big's killers, dressin' ridiculous Blue and red, like I don't see what the big deal is Double barrel 12-gauge bigger than Chris Wallace Pissed off 'cause Biggie and Pac just missed all this Watchin' all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em And get dollars that shoulda been theirs like they switched wallets And amidst all this Crist' poppin' and wristwatches I just sit back and just watch and just get nauseous And walk around with an empty bottle of R\u00e9my Martin Startin' shit like some twenty-six-year-old skinny Cartman (Goddamn it!) An anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin Whose instinct's to kill *NSYNC, don't get me started These fuckin' brats can't sing and Britney's garbage What's this bitch, retarded? Give me back my sixteen dollars! All I see is sissies in magazines smilin' Whatever happened to wilin' out and bein' violent? Whatever happened to catchin' a good old-fashioned passionate ass-whoopin' And gettin' your shoes, coat and your hat tooken? "}, "Ken Kaniff (Skit) [2000]Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Skit: Ken Kaniff, Shaggy 2 Dope, Violent J] Uhh... Uhh... oh yeah Uhh, suck it (Mmm...) Oh, fuck yeah (...Mmm) Oh, Shaggy Uhh This is why they call you '2 Dope', ain't it? (Mmm...) Uhh, fuck yeah Uhh, take it out, take it out Uhh, now give something to J Uhh, Violent J Ooh, don't bite it, don't be violent with it, ow Just suck it, nice and slow Yeah... uhh Uhh, fuck yeah You got.. uhh, now give it back to Shaggy He was sucking it better, uhh, now say my name (Eminem!) Say my name (Eminem!) What? Oh, fuck you guys! G-Give me my dick back! (Wha-a-a-a-a-) Fuck you guys! (Wait, what- wait, Ken!) If you want Eminem, you can have Eminem! (Wha-a-a-) Fuck you guys, I'mma leaving! (No- i-e-o- no!) No! Ken, wait! I-I- (*door slams*) Aw, damn! Nice going, Shaggy!"}, "Drug Ballad (Ft.\u00a0Dina\u00a0Rae)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem & Dina Rae] Yeah, hahahaha Whoo, shit Mmm Oh, oh, mmm Ehh, ehh Aight, guess what? I ain't comin' in yet Oh, oh, ooh, ooh I'll come in a minute Ayo, this is my love song, it goes like this Hey, yeah  [Verse 1: Eminem] Back when Mark Wahlberg was Marky Mark (Fuckin' faggot) This is how we used to make the party start We used to mix Hen with Bacardi Dark And when it kicks in you can hardly talk And by the sixth gin you're gon' probably crawl And you'll be sick then and you'll probably barf And my prediction is you're gon' probably fall Either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall And everything's spinnin', you're beginnin' to think women Are swimmin' in pink linen again in the sink, then in A couple of minutes that bottle of Guinness is finished You are now allowed to officially slap bitches You have the right to remain violent and start wilin' Start a fight with the same guy that was smart-eyein' you Get in your car, start it, and start drivin' Over the island and cause a 42-car pile-up Earth calling, pilot to co-pilot Looking for life on this planet, sir, no sign of it All I can see is a bunch of smoke flyin' And I'm so high that I might die if I go by it Let me outta this place, I'm outta place I'm in outer space, I've just vanished without a trace I'm going to a pretty place now where the flowers grow I'll be back in an hour or so "}, "Amityville (Ft.\u00a0Bizarre)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] (Kill, kill, kill) Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, dum Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, duh-da-da-da-da (Kill, kill, kill) Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, dum Dahh-dum, dahh-dum, dumm (Kill, kill, kill)  [Chorus: Eminem] (He's) Mentally ill from Amityville (He'll) Accidentally kill your family still Thinkin' he won't, goddammit, he will (He's) Mentally ill from Amityville  [Verse 1: Eminem] I get lifted and spin 'til I'm half-twisted Feet planted and stand with a grin full of chapped lipstick Pen full of ink, think sinful and rap sick shit Shrink, pencil me in for my last visit Drink gin 'til my chin's full of splashed whiskers Hash, whiskey, and ash 'til I slap bitches Ask Bizzy, he's been here the past six years Mash with me again and imagine this  [Chorus: Eminem] (He's) Mentally ill from Amityville (He'll) Accidentally kill your family still Thinkin' he won't, goddammit, he will (He's) Mentally ill from Amityville (He's) Mentally ill from Amityville (He'll) Accidentally kill your family still Thinkin' he won't, goddammit, he will (He's) Mentally ill from Amityville "}, "Bitch Please II (Ft.\u00a0Dr.\u00a0Dre, Nate\u00a0Dogg, Snoop\u00a0Dogg & Xzibit)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Snoop Dogg & Dr. Dre] Yeah, what up, Detroit? Nu-uh, nu-uh nuh, no, he didn't (Ah) They didn't do it again (What-what, you what?) You shitted on these niggas two times, Dr. Dre? Oh, fo' sho' Uh-uh, naw, you smell that? This is special right here (What-what, what-what-what?) Yeah, it's a toast to the boogie, baby, uh To the boogie-oogie-oogie (Aw, yeah) Ya know, what's crackin', Dre?  [Verse 1: Dr. Dre & Snoop Dogg] Just let me lay back and kick some old simplistic pimp shit on Slim's shit And start riots like Limp Bizkit (Limp Bizkit!) Throw on \"Guilty Conscience\" at concerts And watch mosh pits 'til motherfuckers knock each other unconscious (Watch out, nigga!) Some of these crowds that Slim draws Is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard when it's packed and full of cars Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw is niggas from Crenshaw From Long Beach to South Central Whoa! Not these niggas again These grown-ass ignorant men with hair-triggers again (Shit!) You and what army could harm me? D.R.E. and Shady with Doggy from Long Beach (Westside) Came a long way to makin' these songs play It'll be a wrong move to stare at me the wrong way I got a long Uz' and I carry it all day Sometimes it's like a nightmare just bein' Andre But I\u2026 "}, "KimLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem & Kim] Aw, look at daddy's baby girl That's daddy's baby, little sleepy head Yesterday I changed your diaper Wiped you and powdered you How did you get so big? Can't believe it, now you're two Baby, you're so precious, daddy's so proud of you Sit down, bitch! You move again, I'll beat the shit out of you! (Okay!)  [Verse 1: Eminem & Kim] Don't make me wake this baby She don't need to see what I'm 'bout to do Quit crying, bitch! Why do you always make me shout at you? How could you just leave me and love him out the blue? Oh, what's the matter, Kim? Am I too loud for you? Too bad, bitch! You're gonna finally hear me out this time! At first I'm like, \"Aight, you wanna throw me out? That's fine\" But not for him to take my place, are you out your mind? This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine How could you let him sleep in our bed?! Look it, Kim Look at your husband now! (No!) I said look at him He ain't so hot now, is he? Little punk (Why are you doing this?!) Shut the fuck up! (You're drunk!) (You're never gonna get away with this) You think I give a fuck? Come on! We're going for a ride, bitch! (No!) Sit up front (We can't just leave Hailie alone, what if she wakes up?) We'll be right back, well, I will, you'll be in the trunk "}, "Under the Influence (Ft.\u00a0D12)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Hem-de-le-le-le-le-le-le, le-le, le-le Hem-de-le-le-ne-miah-nuf-niah, ne-nish, ne-ne (Translation)  [Chorus: Eminem] So you can suck my dick if you don't like my shit 'Cause I was high when I wrote this, so suck my dick  [Verse 1: Eminem & Swifty McVay] Ha-ha, two pills I pop, 'til my pupils swell up like two pennies I'm Clint Eastwood in his mid-twenties A young-ass man with a trash can, strapped to the back Of his ass, so the rats can't chew through his last pants I'm like a mummy at night, fightin' with bright lightnin' And frightened with five little white Vicodin pills bitin' him I'm like a fuckin' wasp in the hospital, lost Stingin' the fuck outta everything, I come across in the halls I light a candle and place it up on the mantel Grab a knife at the blade and stab you with the fuckin' handle So when you find yourself wrapped up in the blinds, hurtin' (Bitch, it's too late) 'Cause once you're hung from the drapes, it's curtains  [Verse 2: Swifty McVay] I'm an instigator, .380 slug penetrator Degradin', creatin' murders to kill haters Accused for every crime known through the equator They knew I did it for havin' blood on my 'gators My weed'll hit your chest like a double barrel gauge and I'm a black grenade that'll blow up in yo' face With a fifth in me, when I guzzle Remy, I do shit on purpose You never hear me say, \u201cForgive me\u201d I'm snatchin' every penny, it gotta be that way, nigga, face it That weed I sold to you, Brigade laced it You hidin', I make the President get a facelift Niggas just afraid, handin' me they bracelets Chillin' in the lab wasted, I'm the type That'll drink Kahlua and gin, throw up on the mic Your life is ruined, you get socked right on sight And even at the Million Man March, we gon' fight "}, "CriminalLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] A lot of people ask me stupid fuckin' questions A lot of people think that what I say on a record Or what I talk about on a record That I actually do in real life or that I believe in it Or if I say that I wanna kill somebody That I'm actually gonna do it or that I believe in it Well, shit, if you believe that, then I'll kill you You know why? 'Cause I'm a criminal! Criminal! You're goddamn right I'm a criminal! Yeah, I'm a criminal!  [Verse 1] My words are like a dagger with a jagged edge That'll stab you in the head, whether you're a fag or lez Or a homosex, hermaph or a trans-a-vest Pants or dress, hate fags? The answer's yes Homophobic? Nah, you're just heterophobic Starin' at my jeans, watchin' my genitals bulgin' (Ooh!) That's my motherfuckin' balls, you'd better let go of 'em They belong in my scrotum, you'll never get hold of 'em! \"Hey, it's me, Versace! Whoops, somebody shot me! And I was just checkin' the mail, get it? Checkin' the male?\" How many records you expectin' to sell After your second LP sends you directly to jail? Come on, relax, guy! I like gay men Right, Ken? Give me an amen! (A-men!) \"Please Lord, this boy needs Jesus Heal this child, help us destroy these demons Oh, and please send me a brand new car And a prostitute while my wife's sick in the hospital\" Preacher, preacher! Fifth grade teacher! You can't reach me, my mom can't neither You can't teach me a goddamn thing 'cause I watch TV and Comcast cable And you ain't able to stop these thoughts You can't stop me from toppin' these charts And you can't stop me from droppin' each March With a brand new CD for these fuckin' retards (Duh) And to think, it's just little ol' me Mr. Don't-Give-a-Fuck still won't leave "}, "The KidsLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] And everyone should get along Okay, children, quiet down, quiet down Children, I'd like to introduce our new substitute teacher for the day His name is Mr. Shady Children, quiet down please Brian, don't throw that (Shut up!) Mr. Shady will be your new substitute while Mr. Kaniff is out with pneumonia (He's got AIDS!) Good luck, Mr. Shady!  [Verse 1] Hi there, little boys and girls! (Fuck you!) Today we're gonna learn how to poison squirrels But first, I'd like you to meet my friend Bob (Huh?) Say hi, Bob (\"Hi, Bob!\") Bob's thirty and still lives with his mom And he don't got a job 'cause Bob sits at home and smokes pot But his twelve-year-old brother looks up to him an awful lot And Bob likes to hang out at the local waffle spot And wait in the parking lot for waitresses off the clock When it's late and the lot gets dark and fake like he walks his dog Drag 'em in the woods and go straight to the chopping block (Ahh!) And even if they escaped and they got the cops The ladies would all be so afraid, they would drop the charge 'Til one night Mrs. Stacey went off the job When she felt someone grab her whole face and said not to talk But Stacey knew it was Bob and said, \"Knock it off!\" But Bob wouldn't knock it off, 'cause he's crazy and off his rocker Crazier than Slim Shady is off the vodka You couldn't even take him to Dre's to get Bob a doctor He grabbed Stace by the legs as he chopped it off her And dropped her off in the lake for the cops to find her But ever since the day Stacey went off to wander They never found her, and Bob still hangs at the waffle diner And that's the story of Bob and his marijuana And what it might do to you So see if the squirrels want it\u2014it's bad for you "}}, "The Marshall Mathers LP 2": {"Bad GuyLyrics": {"lyrics": "Part 1: Produced by S1 and M-Phazes  [Verse 1: Eminem] It's like I'm in the dirt, diggin' up old hurt Tried everything to get my mind off you, it won't work All it takes is one song on the radio, you're Right back on it, reminding me all over again how you fuckin' just brushed me off and left me so burnt Spent a lot of time tryna soul search Maybe I needed to grow up a little first Well, looks like I hit a growth spurt But I'm coming for closure Don't suppose an explanation I'm owed For the way that you turned your back on me Just when I may have needed you most Oh, you thought it was over? You could just close the Chapter and go about your life like it was nothing You ruined mine, but you seem to be doin' fine Well, I've never recovered But tonight, bet you that what you're 'Bout to go through's tougher than anything I ever have suffered Can't think of a better way to define poetic justice Can I hold grudges? Mind saying, \"Let it go, fuck this!\" Heart's saying, \"I will, once I bury this bitch alive Hide the shovel and then drive off in the sunset\" "}, "Parking Lot (Skit)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Teller] Don't kill me!  [Eminem] Hurry the fuck up!  (Shoots the teller) Thank you!  (Running) Go, go, go! What the... fuck? The fuck did he go? Mothafucka bail on me? Fuck you! *Car stops working* Aw, you gotta be fucking kidding me! Are you fucking kidding me? Shit!  (Running) (Climbs a fence) Get off!  (Shoots a dog) Ha-ha!  (Sirens) Parking lot! Shit, ah!  [Officer] Let me see your hands, bend over!  [Eminem] Ah, fuck it! (Shoots himself)"}, "Rhyme or ReasonLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Sample + Eminem] Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah yeah (\"What's your name?\") Marshall (\"Who's your daddy?\") I don't have one  [Verse 1] My mother reproduced like the komodo dragon And had me on the back of a motorcycle, then crashed in The side of loco-motive with rap, I'm Loco, it's like handing a psycho a loaded handgun Michelangelo with a paint gun in a tantrum 'Bout to explode all over the canvas Back with the Yoda of rap, \"In a spasm Your music usually has 'em But waned for the game your enthusiasm it hasn't Follow you must, Rick Rubin my little Padawan.\" A Jedi in training, colossal brain and Thoughts are entertainin' But docile and impossible to explain and, I'm also vain and Probably find a way to complain about a Picasso painting Puke Skywalker, but sound like Chewbacca when I talk Full of such blind rage I need a seein' eye dog Can't even find the page I was writing this rhyme on Oh, it's on the ram-page Couldn't see what I wrote, I write small It says, \"Ever since I drove a '79 Lincoln with whitewalls Had a fire in my heart And a dire desire to aspire to Die Hard.\" So as long as I'm on the clock, punching this time card Hip-hop ain't dying on my watch "}, "So Much BetterLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] You fuckin' groupie Pick up the goddamn phone  [Verse 1] Bitch, where the fuck were you Tuesday? With who you say? I wasn't at the studio, bitch, what'd you do? Screw Dre? You went there lookin' for me? Boo, that excuse is too lame Keep playin' me, you're gonna end up with a huge goose egg You fake, lyin' slut, you never told me you knew Drake And Lupe? You wanna lose two legs? You tryin' to flip this on me? If I spent more time with you, you say \"Okay, yeah, and I'm coo-coo, eh?\" \u2014 Well, screw you And I'll be the third person who screwed you today Oh, fourth\u2014Dre, Drake, Lupe\u2014ooh, touch\u00e9 You were too two-faced for me Thought you was my number one true-blue ace But you ain't and I can't see you when you make that wittle boo-boo face 'Cause I'm hanging up this phone, boo, you make my fuckin' Bluetooth ache You're feeling blue? Too late, go smurf yourself You make me wanna smurf and puke blue Kool Aid Here's what you say to someone you hate  [Chorus] My life would be so much better If you just dropped dead I was layin' in bed last night, thinkin' And then this thought just popped in my head And I thought, wouldn't shit just be a lot easier If you dropped dead? I would feel so much, much better "}, "Survival (Ft.\u00a0Liz\u00a0Rodrigues)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Yeah!  [Chorus: Liz Rodrigues] This is survival of the fittest This is do or die This is the winner takes it all So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all  [Verse 1: Eminem] Wasn't ready to be no millionaire, I was ill-prepared I was prepared to be ill though, the skill was there From the beginning it wasn't 'bout the ends, it was 'bout Bustin' raps and standin' for somethin', fuck an acronym Cut the fuckin' act like you're happy, I'm fuckin' back again With another anthem \u2013 why stop when it doesn't have to end? It ain't over 'til I say it's over, enough when I say enough Throw me to them wolves and close the gate up, I'm afraid of What'll happen to them wolves when the thought of being thrown Into an alligator pit, I salivate at it, wait is up Hands up like it's 12 noon, nah, homie, hold them bitches straighter up Wave 'em 'til you dislocate a rotator cuff Came up rough, came to ruffle feathers, nah, egos, I ain't deflate enough Last chance to make this whole stadium erupt, 'cause\u2014  [Chorus: Liz Rodrigues] This is survival of the fittest This is do or die This is the winner takes it all So, take it all, a-all, a-all, a-all "}, "LegacyLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Polina] Tell me where to go Tell me what to do I'll be right there for you Tell me what to say No matter if it's true I'll say it all for you  [Verse 1: Eminem] I used to be the type of kid That would always think the sky is fallin' Why am I so differently wired? Am I a martian? What kind of twisted experiment am I involved in? \u2018Cause I don't belong in this world That's why I'm scoffin' at authority, defiant often Flyin' off at the handle at my mom No dad, so I am noncompliant at home At school I'm just shy and awkward And I don't need no goddamn psychologist Tryna diagnose why I have all these underlyin' problems Thinkin' he can try and solve 'em I'm outside chalkin' up drawings On the sidewalk and in the front drive talkin' To myself, either that or inside hidin' off in The corner somewhere quiet, tryin' not to Be noticed \u2018cause I'm cryin' and sobbin' I had a bad day at school so I ain't talkin' Some cocksucker shoved me into a fuckin' locker \u2018Cause he said that I eye-balled him "}, "Asshole (Ft.\u00a0Skylar\u00a0Grey)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1: Eminem] Came to the world at a time when it was in need of a villain An asshole, that role I think I succeeded fulfillin' But don't think I ever stopped To think that I was speakin' to children Everything was happenin' so fast It was like I blinked\u2014sold three million Then it all went blank, all I remember is feelin' ridiculous \u2018Cause I was gettin' sick of this feelin' Like I'm always under attack, man I could have stacked my shit list to the ceilin' Women dishin' but really thinkin': \"If anyone ever talks to one of my little girls like this I would kill him.\" Guess I'm a little bit of a hypocrite when I'm rippin' shit But since when did this many people ever give a shit What I had to say? It's just my opinion If it contradicts how I'm livin', put a dick in your rear end That's why every time you mentioned a lyric I thanked you for it, for drawin' more attention toward it \u2018Cause it gave me an enormous platform I'm flattered you thought I was that important But you can't ignore the fact that I fought for the respect And battled for it, mad awards, had GLAAD annoyed Atta-boy, they told me to slow down, I'd just zone out Good luck tryin' to convince a blonde It's like tellin' Gwen Stefani she sold out \u2018Cause I was tryna leave no doubt In anyone's mind, one day I'd go down in history Think they know now because everybody knows "}, "BerzerkLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1: Eminem] Now this shit's about to kick off, this party looks wack Let's take it back to straight hip-hop and start it from scratch I'm 'bout to bloody this track up, everybody get back That's why my pen needs a pad, 'cause my rhymes on the rag Just like I did with addiction, I'm 'bout to kick it Like a magician, critics I turn to crickets Got 'em still on the fence whether to picket But quick to get it impaled when I tell 'em, \"Stick it!\" So sick, I'm looking pale\u2014wait, that's my pigment 'Bout to go ham, ya bish, shout out to Kendrick Let's bring it back to that vintage Slim, bitch! The art of MCing mixed with da Vinci and MC Ren And I don't mean Stimpy's friend, bitch Been Public Enemy since you thought PE was gym, bitch  [Pre-Chorus: Eminem] Kick your shoes off, let your hair down (And go berserk) All night long Grow your beard out, just weird out (And go berserk) All night long  [Chorus 1: Eminem & Billy Squier] We're gonna rock this house until we knock it down So turn the volume loud 'Cause it's mayhem 'til the A.M So, baby, make just like K-Fed And let yourself go, let yourself go Say, \"Fuck it!\" before we kick the bucket Life's too short to not go for broke So everybody, everybody (Go berserk) Grab your vial, yeah "}, "Rap GodLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] \"Look, I was gonna go easy on you not to hurt your feelings\" \"But I'm only going to get this one chance\" (Six minutes\u2014, six minutes\u2014) \"Something's wrong, I can feel it\" (Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on!) \"Just a feeling I've got, like something's about to happen, but I don't know what.\u00a0 If that means what I think it means, we're in trouble, big trouble;\u00a0 And if he is as bananas as you say, I'm not taking any chances\" \"You are just what the doc ordered\"  [Chorus] I'm beginnin' to feel like a Rap God, Rap God All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod Now, who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box? They said I rap like a robot, so call me Rap-bot  [Verse 1] But for me to rap like a computer it must be in my genes I got a laptop in my back pocket My pen'll go off when I half-cock it Got a fat knot from that rap profit Made a livin' and a killin' off it Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office With Monica Lewinsky feelin' on his nutsack I'm an MC still as honest But as rude and as indecent as all hell Syllables, skill-a-holic (Kill 'em all with) This flippity dippity-hippity hip-hop You don't really wanna get into a pissin' match With this rappity brat, packin' a MAC in the back of the Ac' Backpack rap crap, yap-yap, yackety-yack And at the exact same time, I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicin' that I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half Only realized it was ironic, I was signed to Aftermath after the fact How could I not blow? All I do is drop F-bombs Feel my wrath of attack Rappers are havin' a rough time period, here's a maxi pad It's actually disastrously bad for the wack While I'm masterfully constructing this masterpi\u00e8ce "}, "BrainlessLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] \"Or Eminem has a full line of chainsaws \"Eminem, Eminem, Eminem, Eminem Eminem, Eminem\" \"Marshall Mathers, Eminem, the rapper Eminem\" \"Who can say for sure? Perhaps a frontal lobotomy would be the answer If science could operate on this distorted brain And put it to good use, society would reap a great benefit\"  [Verse 1] I walk around like a space cadet, place your bets Who's likely to become a serial killer? Case of Tourettes Fuck, fuck, fuck, can't take the stress I make a mess as the day progresses Angry and take it out on the neighbors' hedges Like this is how I'll cut your face up, bitches, with these hedge-trimmin' scissors with razor edges Imagination's dangerous, it's the only way to escape this mess And make the best of this situation, I guess 'Cause I feel like a little bitch, this predicament's Despicable, I'm sick of just gettin' pushed, it's ridiculous I look like a frickin' wuss, a pussy This kid just took my stick of licorice And threw my sticker books in a picker bush I wanna kick his tush, but I was six and shook This fucker was twelve and was six foot, with a vicious hook He hit me, I fell, I got back up, all I did was book Now there's usin' your head, momma always said "}, "Stronger Than I WasLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1] You used to say that I'd never be Nothin' without you, and I'd believe I'm shot in the lungs, I gasp, I can't breathe Just lay here with me, baby, hold me please And I'd beg and I'd plead, drop to knees And I'd cry and I'd scream, \"Baby, please don't leave!\" Snatch the keys from your hand, I would squeeze And you'd laugh, and you'd tease You're just fucking with me, and you must hate me Why do you date me, if you say I make you sad? And you've had enough of me I smother you, I'm 'bout to jump off the edge  [Chorus] But you won't break me You'll just make me stronger than I was Before I met you, I bet you I'll be just fine without you And if I stumble, I won't crumble I'll get back up and uhh But I'ma still be humble when I scream \"Fuck you!\" \u2018Cause I'm stronger than I was  [Verse 2] A beautiful face is all that you have \u2018Cause on the inside you're ugly and mad But you're all that I love, I grasp, you can't leave Please stay here with me, baby, hold me please And I'd beg and I'd plead, drop to knees And I'd cry and I'd scream, \"Baby, please don't leave!\" But you left and you took everything I had left And left nothin', nothin' for me So, please don't wake me from this dream, baby We're still together in my head And you're still in love with me 'Til I woke up to discover that that dream was dead "}, "The Monster (Ft.\u00a0Rihanna)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Rihanna] I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy  [Verse 1: Eminem] I wanted the fame but not the cover of Newsweek Oh well, guess beggars can't be choosey Wanted to receive attention for my music Wanted to be left alone in public, excuse me For wantin' my cake, and eat it too, and wantin' it both ways Fame made me a balloon 'cause my ego inflated When I blew, see, but it was confusing 'Cause all I wanted to do's be the Bruce Lee of loose leaf Abused ink, used it as a tool when I blew steam Woo! Hit the lottery, ooh-wee But with what I gave up to get it was bittersweet It was like winnin' a used mink Ironic 'cause I think I'm gettin' so huge I need a shrink I'm beginnin' to lose sleep: one sheep, two sheep Goin' coo-coo and kooky as Kool Keith But I'm actually weirder than you think, 'cause I'm\u2014  [Chorus: Rihanna] I'm friends with the monster that's under my bed Get along with the voices inside of my head You're tryin' to save me, stop holdin' your breath And you think I'm crazy, yeah, you think I'm crazy Well, that's nothin' "}, "So Far...Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] I own a mansion but live in a house A king-size bed but I sleep on the couch I'm Mr. Brightside, glass is half-full But my tank's half empty, gasket just blew  [Verse 1: Eminem] This always happens Thirty minutes from home, gotta lay a log cabin Only option I have's McDonalds's bathroom In a public stall, droppin' a football So every time someone walks in the john, I get maddened \"Shady, what up?\" What? Come on, man, I'm crappin' And you're askin' for my goddamn autograph on a napkin? Oh, that's odd, I just happened to run out of tissue Yeah, hand me that, on second thought I'd be glad then \"Thanks, dawg! Name's Todd, a big fan\" I wiped my ass with it, crumbled it up in a wad and threw it back and Told him: \"Todd, you're the shit,\" when's all of this crap end? Can't pump my gas without causin' an accident Pump my gas, cut my grass, I can't take out the fuckin' trash Without someone passin' through my sub, harassin' I'd count my blessings, but I suck at math I'd rather wallow than bask sufferin' succotash But the ant-acid, it gives my stomach gas When I mix my corn with my fuckin' mashed Potatoes, so what? Ho, kiss my country bumpkin ass Missouri Southern roots, what the fuck is upper class? Call lunch dinner, call dinner supper Tupperware in the cupboard, plasticware up the ass Stuck in the past\u2014iPod, what the fuck is that? B-Boy to the core, mule, I'm a stubborn ass "}, "Love Game (Ft.\u00a0Kendrick\u00a0Lamar)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Produced by Rick Rubin]  [Verse 1: Eminem] Something's burnin', I can't figure out what (Out what) It's either lust or a cloud of dust Judgement is clouded; must Just be the powder from the power of (Love!) But I'm in something I don't know how to get out of Left my girl in the house alone (Ah!) Is that my soon-to-be-spouse\u2019s moan? And the further I walk, the louder (Ah, ah!) Pause for a minute to make certain that's what I heard \u2018Cause after all, this is her place So I give her the benefit of the doubt, I Think I might be about to bust her, bust her (Ah!) The thought's scary, yo, though and it hurts\u2014brace! Hope it ain't, \"Here we go, yo!\" \u2018Cause my head already goes to worst-case Scenario, though in the first place (Ah, fuck) But you confirmed my low-end theory though (Ah!) Should've known when I made it all the way to third base And that was only the first date Could've made it to home plate (Oh!) But you slid straight for the dome and dove face first \"No, (*slurp*) you don't (*slurp*) under\u2014 (*slurp*) \u2014stand, (*slurp*) I (*slurp*) don't (*slurp*) do this for (*hic*) anyone, (*hic*) ever (*slurp*)\" Yeah, that ain't what they all say? I'll say, you can suck a softball through a straw Used to be my fianc\u00e9 'Til you sucked on Wayne, Andr\u00e9, and Kanye LeBron, Akon, JAY, Lil Jon, Raekwon, Ma$e Polow da Don, Dre, Dante Ross, James Conway, Kwam\u00e9?! Guess I'm gettin' my g-goddang Jigga on, eh? 'Cause your name, I'm beyond sayin' (Ha) But fuck it, I'm movin' on, you women are all cray But I'll probably always keep on playin' the\u2014 "}, "Headlights (Ft.\u00a0Nate\u00a0Ruess)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Nate Ruess] Mom, I know I let you down And though you say the days are happy Why is the power off and I'm fucked up? And, Mom, I know he's not around But don't you place the blame on me As you pour yourself another drink, yeah  [Chorus: Nate Ruess] I guess we are who we are Headlights shining in the dark night, I drive on Maybe we took this too far  [Verse 1: Eminem] I went in headfirst, never thinkin' about who what I said hurt In what verse, my mom probably got it the worst The brunt of it, but as stubborn as we are, did I take it too far? \"Cleanin' Out My Closet\" and all them other songs But regardless, I don't hate you \u2018cause, Ma You're still beautiful to me, \u2018cause you're my mom Though far be it from you to be calm Our house was Vietnam, Desert Storm And both of us put together could form an atomic bomb Equivalent to chemical warfare And forever we could drag this on and on But agree to disagree, that gift for me Up under the Christmas tree don't mean shit to me You're kickin' me out? It's fifteen degrees And it's Christmas Eve, \"Little prick, just leave!\" Ma, let me grab my fucking coat! Anything to have each other's goats Why we always at each other's throats? Especially when Dad, he fucked us both We're in the same fuckin' boat You'd think that'd make us close (Nope) Further away it drove us, but together, headlights shine And a car full of belongings, still got a ways to go Back to grandma's house, it's straight up the road And I was the man of the house, the oldest So my shoulders carried the weight of the load Then Nate got taken away by the state at eight-years-old And that's when I realized you were sick And it wasn't fixable or changeable And to this day we remain estranged, and I hate it though, but\u2014 "}, "Evil TwinLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Yeah Tryna figure out the difference But I think\u2014think the lines are starting to get blurred  [Verse 1: Eminem] I'm in a strange place I feel like Ma$e when he gave up the game for his faith I feel like I'm caged in these chains and restraints Grimmin' every stranger in the place while I gaze into space \u2018Cause I'm mentally rearrangin' his face I need a change of pace \u2018Cause the pace I'm workin' at's dangerous There's nowhere to dump this anger, and thanks to this angst I done quit chicken heads cold turkey And started slowly roastin' 'em \u2018Cause that's where most of my anger is based Fuck your feelings I feel like I play for the Saints I just wanna hurt you\u2014aim for the skanks Then aim for all these fake Kanyes, Jays, Waynes, and the Drakes I'm frustrated \u2018cause ain't no more N'Sync, now I'm all out of whack I'm all out of Backstreet Boys to call out and attack I'm goin' all out in this rap shit and whatever the fallout is, I'm strapped for battle Suck a duck, crawl out the back\u2014it's a bar fight Prepare your arsenal And beware of bar stools flyin' through the air and bottles breakin', mirrors also And I ain't stoppin' 'til the swear jar's full \"You done called every woman a slut but you're forgetting Sarah, Marshall\" (Palin) Oh, my bad, slut! And next time I show up to court I'll be naked and just wear a law suit Judge be like, \"That's sharp How much that motherfucker cost you, smart-ass? You're lucky I don't tear it off you And jump your bones, you sexy motherfucker! You're so fuckin' gravy, Marshall, I should start callin' you 'au jus' \u2018Cause all's you do is spit them lyrics out the wazoo\" Evil Twin, take this beat now, it's all you I believe people can change but only for the worse I coulda changed the world if it wasn't for this verse\u2014so satanic K-Mart chains panic \u2018cause they can't even spin back the curse words \u2018Cause they're worse when they're reversed, motherfucker Rekcufrehtom!(Rape your mother)\u2014 Tihs!(Kill your parents) And these kids are like parrots They run around the house just like terrorists Screamin', \"Fuck! Shit! Fuck!\" Adult with a childish-like arrogance Wild ever since the day I came out, I was like, \"Merits? Fuck that! I'd rather be loud, and I like swearin'\" From the first album even the gals were like, \"Tight lyrics, dreamy eyes!\" But my fuckin' mouth was nightmarish And from the start of it you felt like you were part of this and opposition felt the opposite Sometimes I listen and revisit them old albums often as I can and skim through all them bitches to make sure I keep up with my competition (Haha) Hogger of beats, hoarder of rhymes Borderline genius who's bored of his lines And that sort of defines where I'm at and the way I feel now Feel like I might just strike first, then ignore the replies "}}, "Recovery": {"Cold Wind BlowsLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] 'Cause some things just don't change It's better when they stay the same Although the whole world knows your name So on a biggest stage, they Came to see you spit your game, ho-woah But it shouldn't be difficult to explain Just why you came back again You hate the fame, love the game Cold as ice, you remain Fuck 'em all, tell 'em all, \u201cEat shit!\u201d Here we go again  [Bridge] Oh! (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-dum) (Yeah, yup, yeah) God damn! (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-du) Is it that time again already? (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-dum) Haha (Okay, okay) (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-du) Y'all don't look too happy to see me (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-dum) Fuck, man (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-du) Don't everybody welcome me back at once (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-dum) Alright, fuck you all then (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum)  [Verse 1] You can get the dick, just call me the ballsack, I'm nuts Michael Vick in this bitch, dog\u2014fall back, you mutts Fuck your worms, you've never seen such a sick puppy Fuck it, a sick duck, I want my duck sicked, mummy And my nuts licked, gobble 'em up, trick, yummy Bitch, you don't fuckin' think, I know that you suck dick, dummy? You'll get your butt kicked, fuck all that love shit, honey Yeah, I laugh, when I call you a slut, it's funny Shorty, dance while I diss you to the beat, fuck the words You don't listen to 'em anyway, yeah, struck a nerve, sucker Muh'fucker, might as well let my lips pucker Like Elton John, 'cause I'm just a mean cocksucker The shit is on 'cause you went and pissed me off, now I'm shittin' and pissin' on Everybody, give a fuck if it's right or wrong So puff the Buddha, light a bong But take a look at Mariah next time I inspire you to write a song Come on "}, "Talkin' 2 Myself (Ft.\u00a0Kobe)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Ayo, before I start this song, man I just wanna thank everybody for being so patient And bearing with me over these last couple of years While I figure this shit out  [Chorus: Kobe] Is anybody out there? It feels like I'm talkin' to myself No one seems to know my struggle And everything I've come from Can anybody hear me? Yeah, I guess I keep talkin' to myself It feels like I'm goin' insane Am I the one who's crazy? Yeah, woah-woah, woah-woah Woah-woah, woah-woah, woah-woah  [Post-Chorus: Eminem] So why in the world do I feel so alone? Nobody but me, I'm on my own Is there anyone out there who feels the way I feel? If there is, then lend me an ear Just so I know that I'm not the only one  [Verse 1: Eminem] I went away, I guess, and opened up some lanes But there was no one who even knew I was goin' through growin' pains Hatred was flowin' through my veins, on the verge of goin' insane I almost made a song dissin' Lil Wayne It's like I was jealous of him 'cause of the attention he was gettin' I felt horrible about myself, he was spittin' And I wasn't, anyone who was buzzin' back then coulda got it Almost went at Kanye too God, it feels like I'm goin' psychotic, thank God that I didn't do it I'da had my ass handed to me, and I knew it But Proof wasn't here to see me through it I'm in the booth, poppin' another pill, tryna talk myself into it \"Are you stupid? You're gon' start dissin' people for no reason? 'Specially when you can't even write a decent punchline even? You're lyin' to yourself You're slowly dyin', you're denyin', your health Is declinin' with your self-esteem, you're cryin' out for help\" "}, "On FireLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] (Haha, yeah, haha) You know, critics, man Critics never got nothin' nice to say, man You know, the one thing I notice about critics, man Is critics never ask me how my day went Well, I'ma tell 'em  [Verse 1] Augh, yesterday my dog died I hog tied a ho, tied her in a bow Said: \"Next time you blog, try to spit a flow.\" You wanna criticize, dog? Try a little mo' I'm so tired of this I could blow, fire in the hole I'm fired up, so fire up the lighter and the dro Better hold on a little tighter, here I go Flows tighter, hot-headed as Ghost Rider Cold-hearted as Spider-Man throwing a spider in the snow So you better get lower than Flo Rida Inside of a lowrider with no tires, in a hole Why am I like this? Why is winter cold? Why is it when I talk I'm so biased to the hoes? Listen, dog, Christmas is off, this is as soft as it gets This isn't golf, this is a blistering assault Those are your wounds, this is the salt, so get lost Shit, dissin' me is just like pissin' off the Wizard of Oz Wrap a lizard in gauze Beat you in the jaws with it, grab the scissors and saws And cut out your livers, gizzards, and balls Throw you in the middle of the ocean in a blizzard with Jaws So sip piss like sizzurp through a straw Then describe how it tasted like dessert to us all Got the gall to make Chris piss in his drawers Tickle him, go to his grave, skip him, and visit his dog "}, "Won't Back Down by\u00a0Eminem\u00a0& P!nkLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Chorus: P!nk] You can sound the alarm, you can call out your guards You can fence in your yard, you can hold all the cards But I won't back down Oh no, I won't back down, oh no  [Verse 1: Eminem] Cadillac Sevilles, coupe DeVilles Brain-dead rims, yeah, stupid wheels Girl, I'm too for real, lose your tooth-and-nail Tryna fight it, try to deny it, stupid, you will feel What I do, I do at will Shootin' from the hip, yeah, boy, I shoot to kill Half a breath left on my deathbed Screamin', \u201cF that!\u201d \u2013 yeah, super-ill Baby, what the deal? We can chill Split a half a pill and a Happy Meal Fuck a steak, slut, I'll cut my toes off And step on the receipt 'fore I foot the bill Listen, garden tool, don't make me introduce you To my power tool, you know the fuckin' drill How you douchebags feel knowin' you're disposable? Summer's Eve, Massengill Shady's got the mass appeal Baby, crank the shit, 'cause it's your goddamn jam You said that you want your punchlines a little more compact Well, shorty, I'm that man These other cats ain't metaphorically where I'm at, man I gave Bruce Wayne a Valium And said, \u201cSettle your fuckin' ass down! I'm ready for combat, man!\u201d Get it? Calm Batman, nah Ain't nobody who's as bomb and as nuts Lines are like Mom's CAT-scans 'Cause they fuckin' go bananas Honey, I applaud that ass Swear to God, man, these broads can't dance Ma, show 'em how it's done Spaz like a goddamn Taz, yeah "}, "W.T.P.Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Yeah Oh Get up (Where my trash at?) I said, \u201cGet up\u201d (You know what happens when I'm around, man) Woo Let's go Better watch out now, 'cause here we come (Come, come) And we ain't stoppin', until we see the morning sun (Sun, sun) So give us room to do our thing 'Cause we ain't come to hurt no one (One, one) So e'rybody come and get up on the floor now and grab someone (One)  [Verse 1] Man, first of all I'm a boss (Woo) I just want to get that across Man, even my dentist hates when I floss Pull up to the club in a Pinto like it's a Porsche Garbage bag for one of the windows Spray-painted doors with the flames on 'em Michigan plates, and my name's on 'em Baby, Shady's here, come and get him if you dames want him But he ain't stupid, so quit tryna run them games on him He's immune to Cupid, why you tryna put your claims on him? 'Cause you won't do to me what you did to the last man Now climb in back, try not to kick over the gas can There's a half a gallon in it, that could be our last chance We have of just gettin' home, now can I get that lap dance? She's got a tattoo of me right above her ass, man In the streets of Warren, Michigan, we call 'em 'tramp stamps' That means she belongs to me, time to put the damn clamps down And show this hussy who's the man, now get amped, dance "}, "Going Through ChangesLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Chorus: Ozzy Osbourne] I'm going through changes I'm going through changes  [Verse 1: Eminem] Lately, I really Feel like I'm rollin' for delf like Philly Feel like I'm losin' control of myself, I sincerely Apologize if all that I sound like Is I'm complainin' but life keeps on complicatin', and I'm debatin' on leavin' this world this evenin' Even my girls can see I'm grievin', I try and hide it But I can't, why do I act like I'm all high and mighty When inside I'm dyin'? I am finally realizin' I need Help, can't do it myself, too weak Two weeks, I've been havin' ups and downs Goin' through peaks and valleys Dilly-dallyin' 'round with the idea Of endin' this shit right here, I'm hatin' my reflection I walk around the house tryna fight mirrors I can't stand what I look like, yeah I look fat, but what do I care? I give a fuck Only thing I fear's Hailie I'm afraid if I close my eyes That I might see her... Shit "}, "Not AfraidLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] (I'm not afraid, I'm not afraid) Yeah (To take a stand, to take a stand) It's been a ride (Everybody, everybody) I guess I had to (Come take my hand, come take my hand) Go to that place to get to this one (We'll walk this road together, through the storm) Now some of you (Whatever weather, cold or warm) Might still be in that place (Just lettin' you know that you're not alone) If you're tryna get out (Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road) Just follow me, I'll get you there  [Verse 1] You can try and read my lyrics off of this paper before I lay 'em But you won't take the sting out these words before I say 'em 'Cause ain't no way I'ma let you stop me from causin' mayhem When I say I'ma do somethin', I do it I don't give a damn what you think, I'm doin' this for me So fuck the world, feed it beans, it's gassed up if it thinks it's stoppin' me I'ma be what I set out to be, without a doubt, undoubtedly And all those who look down on me, I'm tearin' down your balcony No ifs, ands or buts, don't try to ask him why or how can he From Infinite down to the last Relapse album He's still shittin' whether he's on salary, paid hourly Until he bows out or he shits his bowels out of him Whichever comes first, for better or worse He's married to the game Like a \"fuck you\" for Christmas, his gift is a curse Forget the Earth, he's got the urge to pull his dick from the dirt And fuck the whole universe "}, "SeductionLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem & Sly Jordan] Like a verbal seduction when Seduction when I tell 'em girls on the floor I don't know, man (Geh-geh-geh) Just feels like we're a lot different (Right now) (Girls on the floor) It kinda feels like (Like a verbal seduction when) I'm on a whole different page right now than you (Girls on the floor) It feels strange, but umm (Girls on the floor) I guess it's kinda like, it's kinda like...  [Verse 1: Eminem] I feel like I'm morphin' into somethin' that's so incredible That I'm dwarfin' all competitors Better get your girlfriend in check It's psychological warfare, endorphins I effect Your self-esteem shatters as dialect comes blastin' out your deck She loves me, such passion, you'd expect This sort of reaction from her, yet you strong-arm You're fuckin' corny, you try to turn your charm on 'Cause you just think you're Bishop the Don Juan But if you think that you're fuckin' with me, homie, you're on one I'm cockin' my head back like Ed Lover, \"C'mon, son!\" She's on my Johnson, she brings my name up constant Your boys are like, \"She's fuckin' with dude, she wants some\" Homeboy, you better get a clue She's on my dick 'cause I spit better than you What you expect her to do? How you expect her to act in the sack when she's closin' her eyes Fantasizin' of diggin' her nails in my back to this track? "}, "No Love (Ft.\u00a0Lil\u00a0Wayne)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Haddaway, Eminem, & Lil Wayne] Love, love Love, love, love [Mumbling chorus] Don't hurt me Don't hurt me no more Young Money, yeah No more Uh Love  [Verse 1: Lil Wayne & Haddaway] Throw dirt on me and grow a wildflower But it's \"Fuck the world,\" get a child out her Yeah, my life a bitch, but you know nothing 'bout her Been to hell and back, I can show you vouchers (Love) I'm rollin' Sweets, I'm smokin' sour Married to the game, but she broke her vows That's why my bars are full of broken bottles And my nightstands are full of open Bibles Uh, I think about more than I forget But I don't go around fire expectin' not to sweat And these niggas know I lay 'em down, make your bed Bitches try to kick me while I'm down, I'll break your leg Money outweighin' problems on a triple beam I'm stickin' to the script, you niggas skippin' scenes Uh, be good or be good at it Fuckin' right, I got my gun, semi-Cartermatic Yeah, put a dick in they mouth, so I guess it's fuck what they say I'm high as a bitch, up, up and away, man, I'll come down in a couple of days Okay, you want me up in the cage? Then I'll come out in beast mode I got this world stuck in the safe, combination is the G code It's Weezy, motherfucker, Blood gang, and I'm in bleed mode All about my dough, but I don't even check the peephole So you can keep knockin', but won't knock me down No love lost, no love found "}, "Space BoundLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1: Eminem] We touch, I feel a rush We clutch, it isn't much But it's enough to make me wonder what's in store for us It's lust, it's torturous You must be a sorceress 'Cause you just did the impossible, gained my trust Don't play games, it'll be dangerous if you fuck me over 'Cause if I get burnt, I'ma show you what it's like to hurt 'Cause I been treated like dirt before ya And love is evil, spell it backwards, I'll show ya Nobody knows me, I'm cold Walk down this road all alone It's no one's fault but my own It's the path I've chosen to go Frozen as snow, I show no emotion whatsoever, so Don't ask me why I have no love for these motherfuckin' hoes Bloodsuckin' succubuses, what the fuck is up with this? I've tried in this department, but I ain't had no luck with this It sucks, but it's exactly what I thought it would be like tryin' to start over I got a hole in my heart, but some kind of emotional roller coaster Somethin' I won't go on, so you toy with my emotions, so it's over It's like an explosion every time I hold ya Wasn't jokin' when I told you you take my breath away You're a supernova and I'm a "}, "Cinderella ManLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem & Kobe] Yeah, you know, technically I'm not even really supposed to be here right now So fuck it, might as well make the most of it (Amen) Yeah! Ha-ha (Amen) Feels good (Amen) Woo! (Amen) Guess I'm lucky (Amen) Some of us don't get a second chance (Amen) But I ain't blowin' this one (Amen) Nah, man, ha-ha (Amen) Shit, I feel like I can do anything now  [Verse 1: Eminem & Kobe] Who can catch lightning in a bottle, set fire to water Comin' out the nozzle on a fire hose, flyer than swatters? Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man Smash an hourglass, grab the sand, take his hands and cup 'em Spit a rhyme to freeze a clock, take the hands of time and cuff 'em Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man Cinderella Man, Cinderella Man There's a storm comin' that the weatherman couldn't predict I start to bug, prick, you better flee, 'cause I get ticked It's a wrap, I was down, when I was down I was kicked I got up, I'm back to punch you to the ground, you're tricked It's a trap, fuck my last CD, the shit's in my trash I'll be goddamned if another rapper gets in my ass I hit the gas and I spit every rap as if it's my last You can die in the blink of an eye, so bat your eyelashes And keep winkin' and blowin' kisses 'cause you're flirtin' with death I'm destroyin' your livelihood, I ain't just hurtin' your rep I catch a flow and get goin', no remorse I'm showin', ain't slowin' For no one, knowin' there's nothin' you can do about it Zero in on my target like a marksman, the target is you I shut your lane down, took your spot, parked in it too Arsenic flow, lighter fluid, saliva\u2014what can you do? Go get your crew to hype you up, stand behind you like, \"Woo!\" That boy's hot enough to melt Hell, burn Satan too Fry his ass and put his ashes back together with glue So you can hate him, he don't blame you, frankly, he would too This game could ill afford to lose him, how 'bout you? "}, "25 to LifeLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Produced by DJ Khalil & Danny Keyz]  [Chorus: Liz Rodrigues & Eminem] Too late for the other side Caught in a chase, twenty-five to life Too late for the other side Caught in a chase, twenty-five to life Too late (Yeah, I can't keep chasing you I'm taking my life back) Caught in a chase, twenty-five to life  [Verse 1: Eminem] I don't think, she understands the sacrifices that I've made Maybe if this bitch had acted right, I woulda stayed But I've already wasted over half my life, I woulda laid Down and died for you, I no longer cry for you, no more pain Bitch, you took me for granted Took my heart and ran it straight into the planet Into the dirt, I can no longer stand it Now my respect, I demand it I'ma take control of this relationship, command it And I'ma be the boss of you now, goddamn it And what I mean is that I will no longer let you control me So, you better hear me out, this much you owe me I gave up my life for you, totally devoted to you, I have stayed Faithful all the way, this is how I fuckin' get repaid? Look at how I dress, fuckin' baggy sweats, go to work a mess Always in a rush to get back to you, I ain't heard you yet Not even once say you appreciate me, I deserve respect I've done my best to give you nothin' less than perfectness And I know that if I end this, I'll no longer have nothin' left But you keep treatin' me like a staircase, it's time to fuckin' step And I won't be comin' back so don't hold your fuckin' breath You know, what you've done, no need to go in-depth I told you, \u201cYou'd be sorry, if I fuckin' left\u201d, I laughed, while you wept How's it feel now? Yeah, funny, ain't it? You neglected me Did me a favor though, my spirit free you've set But a special place for you in my heart I have kept It's unfortunate, but it's\u2014 "}, "So BadLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Yeah, haha You feel that, baby? Yeah, I feel it too, damn (I'm so bad, I'm so good that I'm so bad) You know, I'm so glad we could spend this time together (I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had) You see, I'm not as crazy as you thought I was, am I? ('Cause you ain't never met nobody like me And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again)  [Verse 1: Eminem] I'm the American Dream I'm the definition of white trash ballin', I'm right back on 'em With a\u2014 err-chick-err, chicka-chick\u2014 I can't call it Same shit, different toilet, oh, you got a nice ass, darling Can't wait to get you into my Benz, take you for a spin What you mean we ain't fuckin'? You take me for a friend? Let me tell you the whole story of Shady's origin You'll be sorry if you slam my Mercedes door again Now, it all started with my father I must've got my pimpin' genes from him the way he left my momma I'm a rolling stone, just like him, word to Johnny Drama Keep my entourage with me, baby, I'll make a promise There ain't nobody as bomb as me, I'm as calm as The breeze, I'm the bee's knees, his legs, and his arms, I'm a Superstar, girl, I'm ready for you, Mama Why you think the only thing I got on is my pajamas? "}, "Almost FamousLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] I can almost taste it This shit makes no sense to me What does it all mean? I can almost taste it I can almost see it This shit makes no sense to me What does it all mean? I can almost taste it I can almost taste it  [Spoken: Eminem] Yeah, can't stop now This might be the last chance I get to be famous (I just wanna be famous)  [Chorus: Liz Rodrigues & Eminem] You dream of trading places, I have been changing faces You cannot fill these shoes, there is too much to lose Wake up behind these trenches, you run around defenseless There is too much to lose, you cannot fill these shoes I just wanna be famous, but... Be careful what you wish for  [Verse 1: Eminem] I stuck my dick in this game like a rapist They call me Slim Roethlisberger I go berserker than a fed-up post office worker I murk her with a Mossberg, I'm pissed off, get murdered Like someone took a ketchup squirter, squirted a frankfurter For a gangster, you sure did shit your pants When you saw the chainsaw get to waving like a terrible towel How thangs turn around when his fangs come out Get your brains blown out, that's what I call blowin' your mind When I come back, like nut on your spine I'm a thumb tack that you slept on, son Now here I come, screaming \"Attack!\" like I just stepped on one Low on the totem 'til he showed 'em defiance, giant scrotum He don't owe them bitches shit, his britches, he outgrowed 'em He's so out cold, he's knocked out at the South Pole And nobody fucks with him, rigor mortis and post mortem He's dyin' of boredom Take your best rhymes, record 'em, then try to thwart him He'll just take your punch lines and snort 'em Shit-stained drawers, you gon' fuck with a guy Who licks the blades of his chainsaws While he dips 'em in P.F. Chang's sauce? Game's up, homie, hang it up like some crank calls You think I'm backin' down? You must be out of your dang skulls; I'm almost famous "}, "Love the Way You Lie (Ft.\u00a0Rihanna)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Chorus: Rihanna] Just gonna stand there and watch me burn? Well, that's all right because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry? Well, that's all right because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie  [Verse 1: Eminem] I can't tell you what it really is, I can only tell you what it feels like And right now, there's a steel knife in my windpipe I can't breathe, but I still fight while I can fight As long as the wrong feels right, it's like I'm in flight High off her love, drunk from her hate It's like I'm huffin' paint and I love her, the more I suffer, I suffocate And right before I'm about to drown, she resuscitates me She fuckin' hates me, and I love it \u2014 \"Wait! Where you going?\" \u2014 \"I'm leaving you!\" \u2014 \"No, you ain't! Come back!\" \u2014 We're runnin' right back, here we go again It's so insane, 'cause when it's goin' good, it's goin' great I'm Superman with the wind at his back, she's Lois Lane But when it's bad, it's awful, I feel so ashamed I snapped, \"Who's that dude?\", I don't even know his name I laid hands on her, I'll never stoop so low again I guess I don't know my own strength  [Chorus: Rihanna] Just gonna stand there and watch me burn? Well, that's all right because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry? Well, that's all right because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie I love the way you lie "}, "You're Never OverLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Chorus] The days are cold, livin' without you The nights are long, I'm growin' older I miss the days of old, thinkin' about you You may be gone, but you're never over  [Verse 1] If Proof could see me now, I know he'd be proud Somewhere in me deep down, there's something in me he found That made him believe in me, now no one can beat me now You try, it'll be them doors on Dre's Phantom, believe me, clowns That means \"suicide,\" homie, you'll never throw me Off of this course, blow me! Bitch, I do this all for the sport only But I want it all, I'm not just talkin' awards, homie And the ball's in my court and it's lonely On top of the world, when you're the only one With the balls in your shorts To leave their jaws on the floors with no remorse 'Member that when they get to doggin' you boy, homie So y'all can just get to bloggin' about bologna I'm not gonna stop, the saga continues, no stoppin' the force, Obi I'm moppin' the floors with 'em, I keep tryna pass it, but they keep on Droppin' the torch and it won't be long 'til this sport is O-V- -E-R, just Blaze and me, we are knockin' on doors and no, we Ain't pumpkins on Halloween, but we'll show up on your porch, so be Careful what you say, there ain't no punks over here, so follow me Through the fog like I'm S-N-double-O-P, let me guide you through the smoke, G If only I wasn't travelin' down this road by my lonely No one who knew me like you will ever know me I don't think you understand how much you meant to me "}, "UntitledLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem & Lesley Gore] You don't own me Nah, man\u2014not quite finished yet I'm not just one of your many toys Ha-ha, woo  [Verse 1: Eminem & Lesley Gore] Girl, I think you just might've tried to pull a motherfuckin' fast one, I'm mad You just hurt my goddamn feeling and that was the last one I had Does this look like an arcade? Tryna play games? See this saw blade? See this silhouette of a stalker in your walkway? Better cooperate Or get sauteed and rotisseried while you're hog-tied MCs get so quiet you can hear a motherfuckin' dog whistle when I walk by Colt Seavers on a mule, stuntin' on that ass like the fuckin' Fall Guy I don't gas my Mercedes after midnight, I treat it like a Mogwai 'Cause it will turn into a Gremlin and run over kids, women, and men Vrinn-vrinn, motor so big, you can fit a midget in his engine Bitch, give me them digits, why you cringin'? Not by the hair on my chinny-chin-chin Will I spend-spend even ten cents on you, since when Do you think it's gonna cost me a pretty penny? Shit, if I think a penny's pretty Just imagine how beautiful a quarter is to me; Eenie-meenie-miney-mo Catch an Eskimo by his toe while he's tryna roll a snowball (You don't own me) But don't make him lose his cool, if he hollers, better let him go, y'all (I'm not just one of your many toys) 'Cause  [Chorus: Eminem & Lesley Gore] You don't own me Now here we go, go, go "}, "RidazLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Aw, man, yeah You ever be in the club, man You get in a fight And people that you don't even know jump in?  [Verse 1] You feel, like you wanna hit somethin', your fist clenches, you're pissed You just wanna get someone with shit, jump on this You're 'bout to get your shit pushed in, I'm just inches away From splittin' your shit wide open, no stitches can save You'll die with your eyes open, you hope this isn't the way You end up going out, but I guess it just is, I'm afraid Razors, scissors, and blades make Jason say, \u201cIsn't this great?\u201d On-lookers participate in this ass-kicking debate That's startin' to take place in the middle of the street Little did you know there'd be an all-out brawl, soon as you heard this beat Emergency personnel rush to the murder scene But it's too late, it's absolute pandemonium, whisked away In an ambulance is your fate, nothing nobody told you When you left the house today could've made you anticipate Such an ass-whipping, okay, 'til the anger dissipates You'll get punched in the face, reciprocate, come on!  [Chorus] So, what the deal, ridaz? Would you excuse me, while I feel my nuts? My balls are feeling a mighty big now I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches I said, \u201cSo, what the deal, ridaz? Would you excuse me, while I feel my nuts? My balls are feeling a mighty big now I might just have to dig down and pull 'em through my britches\u201d "}, "Session One (Ft.\u00a0Slaughterhouse)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise Aw, shit, yeah You ready to get this shit started or what? A'ight Well, I brought some friends with me too  [Verse 1: Eminem] Now I ain't back just for the sake of just sayin', \u201cI'm back\u201d I could relax, but I'd rather stack ammo on tracks Couple Xanax, light a couple wax candles, then black- -Out and relapse 'til I yack Jack Daniels and 'gnac Burp bubbles, attitude's immaturin', double Shot of Bacardi, party, vision is blurrin'\u2014woah-ho I can't see shit, my words get to slurrin'\u2014uh-oh You can call me R. Kelly now, you're in trouble What's occurrin' before, after, and durin' the show Has no bearin' on the bad news I'm bearin', woah What is it, wordplay? No, I'm pushin' you out the do' So, suck my dick on the couch if you wanna cushion the blow Now stomp your fuckin' feet 'til you get to squishing a ho It's pandemo-nium, standing o when you see him, oh Damn, baby, you look good, you're givin' me wood You should pull over like a sweatshirt with a hood It's neck work, get our polly on, you and me, both Break bread while I'm coppin' over this game to pinch a loaf Now, homie, who's your favorite pain in the ass? Who claims to be Spittin' the same flames as me? I'm Kanye when he crashed In other words, I got the hood on smash, like I stepped on the gas Destroyed the front end, deployed the damn airbags from the dash Went through 'em and laughed, came back an hour after the accident And bit a goddamn Jawbreaker in half So stop fakin' the funk and start shakin' your ass Slaughterhouse in the house with the Caucasian of rap And Just Blaze on the track, what the fuck's more amazin' than that Slut? Answer me that! Royce, where you at? "}}, "Eminem Presents the Re-Up": {"Shady NarcoticsLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Yeah! Goddamn! Feels like a long time, don't it? Did you miss us? We missed you! Haha! Shady Narcotics It's The Re-Up, pussies! And we're back: myself D12, 50 Cent Obie Trice, Stat Quo A-A-A-Al-Al-Al-Al-Alchemist And I would also like to introduce The two newest members of the family: One goes by the name of Bobby Creek The other goes by the name of Ca$his From Orange County And I think it's about time we just cut the bullshit, let's go!"}, "We're Back by\u00a0Eminem,\u00a0Obie Trice, Status Quo, Bobby Creekwater & Ca$hisLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Refrain: Eminem] Shady, we're back!  [Verse 1: Eminem with Obie Trice] Nothin' can stop and nothin' can change it You better just make new livin' arrangements If you think you the top and king of the castle You about to be thrown off the throne and ripped a new asshole All I hear is I'm best at this and I'm best at that But I don't hear my name, no, ne'er brought up in rap And I don't usually trip or dare get caught up in that But when they say, \"one of the best\", I'm nowhere thought of as that Not even the same league as Jay-Z, Nas, Pac Biggie, or maybe they'll name me somewhere down at the bottom Right after AZ, or say \"he Ripped that Biggie verse, or that Jay-Z\" \"Yo, his verses were crazy, on that 'Renegade', B! But I ain't never bought no whole CD of Shady And all I hear is pop tunes come on the radi- -o, and they play 'em twenty times in a row daily\" And that very well maybe the same reason they don't say me When they speak on hip-hop legends, which has amazed me 'Cause I thought the formula was to hit mainstream And make it big-b-big-big-baby-ba ba-baby  [Verse 2: Obie Trice] So maybe the eighties made me crazy I've been tryna get my weight up since the ace Slim Shady Gave me the gate key, paved the way So lately, my stakes get better each day Replay my relay race, when I was chasin' the 8V at eighteen Eight years later, his voice in Beijing No choice, I chase cream, so "}, "Pistol Pistol (Remix) by\u00a0Obie\u00a0TriceLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Obie Trice & Eminem] O. Trice, come on! Yeah You, niggas, got me I'ma get 'em It ain't over  [Chorus: Obie Trice] You can catch me in the whip wit' a fifth of pimp juice (Yeah!) Then I'm poppin' the clip, 'bout to fix this issue (Woo!) You pray that I don't hit, I ain't equipped to miss you (No!) You're gonna need an ambulance to stitch your tissue (Nigga!) Or either have a bag on your hip to shit through (Ha!) You seen us on the ave, anxious to get you (Seen) But my penis is a mag, when I lif', it hits you (Da-da-da-da!) 'Cause I don't go nowhere without my pistol pistol  [Verse: Obie Trice] I solemnly swear on my daughter's tears The nigga that got him in the head'll feel it before the year ends Hope you inconspicuous, my friend 'Cause once the word get back, you in a world of sin Bullets will hurdle at him for tryna murder what's Been determined as the first solo African (Me!) To go platinum where the accident happened at Well, maggots, I'm alive with vengeance to get back (Get back!) My mama blood pressure was affected from that My little girl need her daddy on the phone at a certain time Exact now, and niggas act wild (Foul) But when the MAC come out, y'all niggas exile (Blaow!) And I don't wanna hear X-Y-Z I'm X'ing out your whole entity for tryin' to kill me (Me, nigga) Filthy motherfuckers, I'll show you what real be (Real be, nigga) When these HTB's light up your kidneys (Woo!) I'm so sincere, you see in a hearse this year It's not a verse, it's a curse from birth, and what's on your person over here? This is Obie, hear him clear, niggas beware We're coming at you with firearms in air And your purpose so superfluous, how could I be merciful When murkin' me's a mercenary's goal? Nigga, I got paper, I'll have your ass urgently exposed (What?!) No emergency's bringin' back your souls Slugs shatter your bones for pat-pattin' me in the dome Learn this patter-in, we catch him at home, he wrong That's when automatics sporadically catch him in the abdomen Another dirty motherfucker's gone (Yeah!) "}, "Murder by\u00a0Bizarre\u00a0& KunivaLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Bizarre] Detroit, Motown Ayy, guess what? They gave us a Super Bowl this year And you know what happened? Haha  [Chorus: Bizarre & Eminem] Robbin', shootin', killin', murder Murder, murder! Robbin', shootin', killin', murder Murder, murder!  [Verse 1: Bizarre] Henny-ed up, Remy-ed up, ski mask, black truck Dickie outfit, passenger side (Pistol grip punk) Fuck it, I just did two lines A chrome TEC-9, it'll tear out nigga's spine It's a party, go on in and have fun 'Cause after it's over, all you go' hear is run, nigga! Run! Oh shit, ahh! Shootin', blastin', hittin' the floor Ten-thousand in the safe, shit, I'm 'bout to score 'Cause I'm dangerous off angel dust Shit, I'll bust even the nigga that came wit' us And this is for my niggas that be robbin' and stealin' Carjackin', murder one's and fuckin' drug dealings "}, "Everything is Shady by\u00a0Ca$hisLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: 50 Cent, Eminem & Ca$his] \u2014y-Shady Pussies! {*gunfire, some glass shatters, and a car revs up then pulls off*} Fall in and get quoted y'all Yeah It's Ca$his, welcome to the Shady gang G's up!  [Verse 1: Ca$h!s] Obie went plat' and he back wit' another classic (Yeah) 50 went diamond, smash twice, bastards (Yeah) D12 multi back-to-back (Come on) Eminem quote \"the highest sellin' artist in rap\" (Come on, come on, come on, yeah) Stat Quo the mixtape messiah, in a Phantom (Yeah) About to run the A, when we drop \"Statlanta\" Bobby Creek, you know his motherfuckin' name, nigga Bobby Creek, he ain't a motherfuckin' game, nigga (Oh, yeah) I'm Ca$his, mixtape is a classic EP is a classic, LP is that shit! (What?) Dart Parker my A&R, but much more (My nigga) He told me \"Go all out, serve 'em all, homeboy\" (Shit) I'm a West nigga, a Midwest nigga (A what? Shit!) I'm the best nigga, 'cause we the best niggas (Yeah) From street team to G.M. to V.P (Yeah) Shady crime fam in this rap shit is the dream team (Yeah) "}, "The Re-Up by\u00a0Eminem\u00a0& 50 CentLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck Boom boom chuck, we should do something like that, yeah (Yeah!)  [Chorus: 50 Cent] Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck! (Haha) Boom boom chuck, yeah, that's what's up! (Woo!) Boom boom chuck, boom b-boom chuck! Boom boom chuck, b-boom\u2014Shady!  [Verse 1: Eminem] There's never been this, much of a menace in this game as this And it's the most sinister duo in the business Once again, it's the illest and realest killas The most villainous Dre protege, Shady apprentice Drop them zeros and get with these heroes Do you want losers or winners? This music is in us, and it's Not over till we say it's finished and G-Unit Spinners Will keep spinnin', this is hip-hop when it's in it's Truest form, the greatest, hate us or love us Make voodoo dolls of us and keep sticking them pins in us Thick as his skin is or as short as his wick is The trick is to be able to walk big as his dick is And as sick as his music is, or was, still is Whatever, forever, he will be the illest To ever sh-shock the world, what to do next? He's already reconciled with his {ex} A chainsaw and an axe Choke a bitch to death, strangle her neck While we have sex, while Bill Clinton plays the sax I sprays the facts, yeah, bring Shady on back The maniac of rap, devil baby on crack Resurrect? I never left, baby, I'm bad I've gone mad, my comrade Dre's the automatic Says I'm too broke to fix, way beyond that I may be off drugs, but it's made me off-track (*Bl-la-la*) In fact, this right here very well could be the last rap I ever do spit, I'll never do shit, that's that Fuck it, I quit, suck on a dick, jackass I'm done with this whack-ass rap, kiss my black ass! "}, "You Don\u2019t Know by\u00a0Eminem,\u00a050 Cent, Ca$his & Lloyd BanksLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Tony Yayo & 50 Cent] Shady! Yeah  [Chorus: 50 Cent] Who run it? You know, you actin' like you don't know We run it, yeah, you know, but you actin' like you don't know Who run it? You know, you actin' like you don't know We run it, yeah, you know but you actin' like you don't know You know, you actin' like you don't know I tear the club up fo' sho' This flow is gon' bring mo' dough Yeah, you know, but you actin' like you don't know  [Verse 1: 50 Cent] Now, homie, I say I run it, run it 'cause I'm in control Hpnotiq, Hennessy, a couple shots of Patr\u00f3n I have you feelin' a'ight, I get you high as a kite Party poppin', shawty says she comin' with me tonight I ain't shoulder leanin', I ain't snappin' and poppin' Either I'm bobbin' my head or I'm just standin' there watchin' I'm a hustler, I hustle; you can tell that I'm paid And I protect what I got, I'm in the house with my blade Nigga, you front, you gon' get it, okay, now maybe I've said it 'Cause I want you to tridip, yeah, I be on that shidit You should see when I'm stuntin', I flash the stones to be wantin' Push the whip, see me rollin', you can tell that I'm holdin' I'm just doin' my thang, you know the Unit's the gang I got my grimy Shady with me, you front, you'll have to get me Off yo' ass, I pay the lawsuit and laugh Haha! It's not a big deal, it's nothin' but some cash Let's go! "}, "Jimmy Crack Corn by\u00a0Eminem\u00a0& 50 CentLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: 50 Cent & Eminem] Man! Let's go Ayo, Fif? Yeah? Call 'em and tell 'em It's time to hate us again (Time to hate us again) We're back (We're back) Haha (Haha)  [Verse 1: Eminem] Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care My enemies crack corn, but I don't care You can be Black, white, or albino, yeah You can have cornrows inside your hair (Woo!) I give a fuck if I don't like your stare This bottle of wine goes upside your head A little bit psycho, but I know that Think you just don't say it and I won't see it? See, if you don't brag, then I don't brag I know I'm bad as long as I know I'm bad I don't need y'all to co-sign no shit You can just keep makin' them tired old threats A little bit like the Boy Who Cried Wolf, yeah See me, but don't dare to try no shit 'Cause you know that somewhere inside those layers The rattlesnake's right there to bite your ass And I can be so quiet and strike so fast Like lightning bolts right out the sky go bad From out of nowhere, you might just find your career Come to it\u2014 (Erk!) And I'm just like, \"Oh, yeah!\" "}, "Trapped by\u00a0ProofLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Big Proof, rest in peace Doody, we love you We just wanna keep makin' you proud Heh  [Verse: Proof & Eminem] My life is trapped in these lines, that\u2019s why I\u2019m packin' these nines I gotta rap, I ain\u2019t dyin', that\u2019s in the back of my mind Got a strap made of iron, can\u2019t relax on this grind Bendin' over backwards for these slackers 'til I\u2019m snappin' my spine Natural high, gotta focus, on these bogus poachers Lookin' over my shoulder, Proof get it poppin' like soda, hold up We nothin' but soldiers, slow up, this gun is loaded, roll up They beef and we leavin' \u2018em coked up If Slim say it I spray it, if he will it I kill it We Kilpatrick and Ilitch of Detroit, y'all can feel it Real as this gun on my waistline, at war we don\u2019t waste time Ja, man he can\u2019t take a punch and 50 can take nine We got school crap here at the 7, 8, and Dexter I\u2019m up in Hollis spendin\u2019 dollars, ain\u2019t feelin' no pressure Yes sir, your texture is bitch, betcha you flinch When Proof shoot up that coup and wet your whole clique"}, "Whatever You Want by\u00a0Swift\u00a0McVay & Mr. PorterLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Haha, Swifty McVay! Mr. Porter, the Kon Artis (Ha!) I told you we wasn't leavin, c'mon!  [Verse 1: Swifty McVay] I come from a jungle, with a trunk load of punk hoes (Nigga) Muzzle this animal, fuck with mechanical Gun totin' hazardous cutthroat, canteloupe can split it And the Pope couldn't prevent me from shittin' on niggas Fitted caps get blew back like bad wind, imagine backspinnin' Into a casket, it happens when bastards try to act masculine (Ho) A hell raiser, I smack the skin off your man's face So fast it'll leave acne on my hand when it land (Hah!) Placed in a class where professors came to school with Smith 'n Wessons Just to teach us a lesson, had that ass hangin' up with the flag (Yeah) Parental discretion, I'll send you a video With me naked havin' a session on my urinal (RESPECT IT! HAH!) When you kill in the nighttime and claimin' yo' innocence I'll be waitin ready to A.K. you and yo' egg Bene-dick {AHH!} Usin' yo' balls to play tennis with (Hah) You'll be in some shit like flies and fuck the witnesses  [Hook: Swifty McVay] (MOTHERFUCK!) Niggas that doubt and thought we wasn't killin' shit (Uh-huh) (WHAT!) Whatever you want, we providin' it diligently (Uh-huh) (PUMP!) Double barrel wherever we go willingly (Uh-huh) (DUMPIN!) On opposition in the streets or industry (Uh-huh) (MOTHERFUCK!) Niggas that doubt and thought we wasn't killin' shit (Uh-huh) (WHAT!) Whatever you want, we providin' it diligently (PUMP!) Double barrel wherever we go willingly (Uh-huh) (DUMPIN!) On opposition in the streets or industry "}, "Talkin' All That by\u00a0Ca$hisLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Ca$his] Uh, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah We're renegades (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) We're renegades (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) Hit me up, man!  [Verse 1: Ca$his] Bitch I'm from the {nine}, yo' hood ain't no realer You the pussy ass nigga livin next to the killer I'm the killer that moved out of the block And head back to the hood, when I'm movin my rock You can find me, on a dark road, dark clothes Yay', in the console and God knows I make grip off blow Shit - I could get rich off blows My nation affiation pitch forks I've chose What the fuck you gon' do? We bang back hammers I'm a six point star, in a gray bandanna I'd die for this, nigga you rhyme for this Pussy I ride for this, and did time for this That's why I'm convinced you fear, that I'm convicted 2 elevens in soaps, and some gangsta shit man Guess who gorillas leave tats infragments Two shots through your cabbage, and gas from Ca$h  [Hook: Ca$his] Pussy niggas always talkin that shit What you flaggin, who you bangin with? (I don't give a fuck) You can live in the hood and shit But remember who you bangin with (I don't give a fuck) Pussy niggas talkin all that shit What you flaggin in your bangin whip? (I don't give a fuck) You can live in the hood and shit But remember who you bangin with (cause I don't give a fuck) "}, "By My Side by\u00a0Stat\u00a0QuoLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem & Stat Quo] Ohhh! Stat Quo! Here we go! C'mon, c'mon! You ready? (Ha...) Let's do it, man (Uh, uh, uh, uh-uhh...) Shady, Aftermath (Sound, without focus, is just noise) Yeah! (Where you get that thang, man?) (By my side) When you do somethin' to somebody, um (By my side) It ain't just you, it's somebody next to you (By my side) You know I'm talkin' 'bout, and I got my shit right here with me (By my side) (There isn't everywhere you go that it's\u2014) (By my side) (Okay) So being that that's the case (By my side) Let me tell you about (By my side) That place, heh, take you by my side (By my side)  [Stat Quo] The way I growed up, sho' nuff, chips on my shoulder Knew about that cola when I was in a stroller But came ahold of choppin them boulders gettin older Wantin a Rover, ducked in them rows meetin quotas Shorty bipolar, load her by cock I tried to told ya When movin the wrong direction ain't no flesh and then it's over You on that doja, G.I. Joe shit but you ain't a soldier Chopper or fold ya, you not cobra commander, you bozo I'm the composer, writer of murder, the odor Leakin out of your body, temperature is gettin colder But you sweatin and dizzy like a person who ain't sober Realizin your life is comin quickly to a closure Losin composure, out of breath like you underwater Twenty seconds in the game, and it's the fourth quarter Primetime, \"Dateline\" are the best exposure Now you're still, on the news and everybody knows ya Yeahhhh, YEA! "}, "We Ride for Shady by\u00a0Obie\u00a0Trice & Ca$hisLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Obie Trice & Ca$his] We run this shit, fo'-five on the hip Been ridin for Shady, Shady Geah, Ca$his know Shady Records, the dream team, uh  [Verse 1: Ca$his] Sittin in the back of the, all-gray Acura Gun to the passenger for actin tough Turn the wheel in the passin, heart of an assassin Plus I'm on the draw down, quick as fuck Last move 'fore I give all street shit up Put a nigga in the ground face down, feet up This nigga here tried to cuff me for my re-up When I went to his crib he called police up Now you on the way to bein paraplegic For sendin messages through bitches like you go see us Shady, Ca$h king of the dope fiends plus Give 'em a square mile by blocks and I'm creamed up Took the bullet out of Obie head, put it in my pistol And use it, ammunition on the niggas they hit Damn, I go to war on the regular man Cause I'm part of the dream team, you a regular man Far as rap I don't see no competitors and You see things like me, with my medal in hand I'm a state case boy with a federal plan A hundred in beats, beatin the shit out skinheads I'm the spirit of a G bringin lyrics of the street I'm Ca$his, a real dope boy on the beat (beat) Slumped in the seat tucked clutchin the heat Basically, you niggas can't fuck with me, hah "}, "There He Is by\u00a0Bobby\u00a0CreekwaterLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Yesssss, ladies and gentlemen (Yeah, nigga) Bobby Creekwater, today's host Today's narrator, yeah (We do this shit every year around this time) Today's what-the-fuck-ever you wanna call it But I need y'all to sit back, and listen Listen, man (Fuck what you write man, just go get 'em)  [Verse 1] An executive mindframe, fuck tryin' to rap Niggas represent a corner, I refined the map Artesian water, this is flow untapped And rep for 'em like Mike on playoff night; that's if the payoff right The Dream Team, Bobby Creek, Em, 50 and them We run the city like Diddy and them The opposition we just pityin' them, it's no chance Put you niggas in the Special Olympics, it's no dance I'm nice like a meal twice, nigga, no grands Get them bitches out they pants\u2014I did it with no hands See, one thing's for sure, I'm pure uncut Pimpin', you can either stay down or get gunned up Mr. Night Life, I can give you niggas sun up I just get an order, let my niggas pick the gun up That's one up on ya, nigga, wake yo' punk ass up This is ammonia, fuck your face up Bitches won't even telephone ya I can space age pimpin, a pocket full of stone ya Ya dig? Take the world over, that's the gig Sell enough units, have Paul and Jimmy dancin' the jig Roll the Maserati through the city, me and Riggs Bumpin' Obie Trice, shoot a bird at the pigs Ever since a nigga got rich Life is still a bitch but she a high-class bitch I just wanna fuck with me a high-class bitch Nigga, pitch that on some eyeglass shit See I classic, enough to get the mics back right And I'm a fan of record sales, I don't like that hype I'm here to end it "}, "Tryin\u2019 ta Win by\u00a0Stat\u00a0QuoLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Stat Quo] Uhh, uhh, uhh Stat Quo, Alchemist, YEA!  [Vesre 1: Stat Quo] In retrospect, due to stress I almost lost my life My baby momma so much drama I gotta pay that price I'm a trip, I hate hoes on one hand The other hand I want me a wife Cop the Jag then lace her with ice Leave the mall with bags, yeah right! Skeet on that freak then dip the same night Fly a kite bitch, booty colder than a ice pick Fuck you and your best friend, I'm quite slick Plus it's my third leg make 'em throw fits I don't trust 'em nor love her - that's some bullshit! Ol' girl pregnant, now she's headed To the delivery room to have yo' baby Dawg, that's your lady - muh'fucker you crazy! Fuck that broad, she's shady Aftermath bitch I'm sway-zy I was latex lazy, that pussy had my vision hazy But Zaire's here, my only son and baby I mean Zaire's here, my only son and baby  [Hook: repeat 2X] I lost a whole lotta dollars, a whole lotta friends Who can I trust in the end? As the, love keeps spinnin, we all keep sinnin All cause we tryin to win (all cause we tryin to win) "}, "Smack That (Remix) by\u00a0Akon (Ft.\u00a0Bobby\u00a0Creekwater & Stat\u00a0Quo)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Akon] Shady, Konvict, Upfront  [Pre-Chorus: Akon] I feel you creepin' I can see it from my shadow Wanna jump up in my Lamborghini Gallardo Maybe go to my place And just kick it like Tae-Bo And possibly bend you over Look back and watch me  [Chorus: Akon] Smack that, all on the floor Smack that, give me some more Smack that, 'til you get sore Smack that, oh-ohhh-oh-ohh Smack that, all on the floor Smack that, give me some more Smack that, 'til you get sore Smack that, oh-ohhh-oh-ohh  [Verse 1: Akon] Shorty, if you wanna ride, you can ride on me We can bump heads and collide on me Want beef? Damn right, can rely on me To bring that Campbell like Naomi Just pull that girl and take it on easy Lookin' all oiled-up and all greasy 'Bout that time you stop that teasin' Way that you drop done got me here cheesin' What's funny is that you takin' all my money for real I'd rather spend it on you right now than my homie's bail And I can see that's what you're made fo' And ain't ever been no lame ho With that booty bought and paid fo' Won't move 'til you on my payroll "}, "Public Enemy #1Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Hello, what up? Hello? Yo, I can't, I can't hear you Let me call you right back  [Verse: Eminem] I sense someone's tappin' into my phones, why do I got this feeling in my bones I might die soon? The FBI might be tryin' to pull my file soon I might be walkin' blindfold into a typhoon I might be seein' rockets light up the night sky Right outside the window of my living room And if they do, then you can say good night And bye-bye to them iTunes If I don't try to record as much before I do The plan is to have as many in the can as I can As I stand before you in this booth a walking-dead man Blank stare, dead pan, look on my face As I gaze into space, as I wait to be scooped up in that van As I mysteriously disappear into thin air And they gonna say a sniper just appeared outta nowhere And I'll go down in the history as the bloodsuckin' leech Who hid behind the freedom of speech Tried to take the 5th Amendment, use it, twist it and bend it And ended up dyin' the villain, not the hero, splendid Stupendous way to end this I can feel the tremors tremendous In remembrance of September 11th Flashback to September 7th When 2Pac was murdered in Vegas He said it, he predicted his own death, let us never forget it Should we ever live to regret it Like the day John F. Kennedy was assassinated in broad day By the crazed lunatic with a gun Who just happened to work on the same block In the library book depository Where the President would go for a little Friday stroll Shots fired from the grassy knoll But they don't know, or do they? Who's they for them to say \"touch\u00e9\"? We're all vulnerable and it's spook-ay This is about as kook-ay as I've ever felt now Countdown to nuclear meltdown Seven, six, five, four, three, two, one You can run, you can do what you want to But you know you ain't gonna do nothin' When it's time, it's your time, you are the prime target You have become Public Enemy number one "}, "Get Low by\u00a0Stat\u00a0QuoLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Stat Quo] Yeah, YEA! Stat Quo (Stat Quo) Doc Dre (Doc Dre) I represent the A-Town, A-Town Ay, ay, ay, ay I'm comin from the A-Town, A-Town Ha ha, Shady Aftermath  [Verse 1: Stat Quo] Yeah, once again it's on Young Statlanta live in this muh'fucker holmes The hoes get naked soon as the song come on The niggas get wreckless, it's off the chain here gone It's poppin speakers knockin crowded off on the flo' They jockin it, watchin when I walks through the do' It's him, tell a friend but you already know Act stupid or lose it, don't bother to fuck with Quo I'm kind of different, he's not the usual Sippin Cognac in between two beautiful Bitches in the club, talk shit it's your funeral I came to get a buzz and crunk, understand? It's crowded, it's packed, it's jumpin - goddamn it's swole I'm cooler than cool as my temperature's - 30 below I'm checkin the scene if a new cut - droppin the low Shakin they ass, backin it up - fast or slow (yeah!) "}, "Ski Mask Way (Eminem Remix) by\u00a050\u00a0CentLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: 50 Cent & Eminem] *the opening begins at the end of the previous track \"Get Low\" (\u2014an exclusive, remix) Remix! Yeah, I'm tryin to catch me somethin A little jux or somethin  [Hook: 50 Cent] Nigga, that watch is nice, that's what you bought for me? That chain is nice, that's what you bought for me? Them earrings is nice, that's what you bought for me? Take that shit off, move, I'll break you off properly  [Verse 1: 50 Cent] You wan' spray at me? Go 'head; the last nigga that tried Got hit, keeled over, and bled 'til he died Your lil' sister callin' me stupid, reason why? Her and your mama in the living room now, hogtied I came up with two new ways to get rich, I can't wait Got a brand new cig in that ol' 38 I be schemin' to put a lil' bread on my plate Watch and dress shirts, stomp through a hole in the cake I stick a nigga for his shine, sell him back the next day You thought I really want it, you pussy? Bitch, please This is stashhouse, jackpot, there go them ki's My black G-Unit hoodie just reek of marijuana Cocaine comin' out my pores in the sauna I'm serious ,man, I'm so sincere This the flow right here that fucked up Jeffrey's career Make money, take money, yeah, nigga, yeah! "}, "Shake That (Remix) by\u00a0Nate\u00a0Dogg, Eminem, Obie Trice & Bobby CreekwaterLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem & Bobby Creekwater] Woo, Shady, Aftermath (B-G-O-V) Hey, bitch (Aw, shit, hey) There she goes, shakin' that ass on the flo' Bumpin' and grindin' that pole The way she's grindin' that pole (Yeah, yeah) I think I'm losin' control (Bobby, Bobby, Bobby Creek)  [Verse 1: Bobby Creekwater] I bought a lil' Patr\u00f3n, I get in the Henn, I'm gone My eyes ain't clear and I'm gone so she hearin' me wrong I'm kinda in the zone 'cause the DJ playin' my song Just another opportunity for sayin' I'm known I'm from Atlanta, so southern ain't just a part of my grammar I can up and cock the hammer for any nigga with anim' But I came here to get on Goose and Tropicana Get loose, put some more in my juice and your caboose Sippin' everything from white grain to deuce-deuce With nothin' to gain but migraines and loose tooths Eminem came with Obie, Stat and Proof too Bobby Creek is in the place, the name is new, too But the money been around, my drinks is ten a round I can make her spin around, least she keep her dinner down Simmer down, we can hit the telly when the fun stops And I let you and your girl come tickle my gumdrops, yo "}, "Cry Now (Shady Remix) by\u00a0Obie\u00a0Trice, Kuniva, Bobby Creekwater, Ca$his & Stat QuoLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Obie Trice & Tony Yayo] Shady, Shady, Shady OOOOOOOOOOOOO-MIIIIIIIIIX (\"Cryyyy\") Back nigga (dry ya face nigga) \"Second Round's on Me\" (get it together) Kuniva, Ca$his (I ain't goin nowhere) Stat Quo, Bobby Creekwater (O. Trice) WHAT!  [Verse 1: Obie Trice] Niggas didn't kill me, now a nigga's gone Can't, peel my cap back, I'm never at home I'm somewhere, with my shaft restin on a ho's tongue Sippin Dom Perignon while she sippin up them newborns Yeah, bet ya hate the news holmes He probably somewhere, sippin on a stoop, huh? Sippin on a brew, plottin to pop me later huh? When will a hater learn I'm too great on a song I push weight on the corner, send weight to the coroner When courage make him turn performer I transform into Uma Thurman, a dude's version Verses lettin a 'perfluous nigga with no purpose Continue to walk this earth's surface I was birthed in hip-hop, watch out my services Yet, you tried to murder this nigga that's comin From the same turf as you's, nigga, what nerve of you's nigga Pissed cause your hustles ain't worth a shit, nigga I'm gettin rich, I'm on my way to Hugh Hefner's, dig? With a bitch you in the trenches tryin to reach it big On another rapper's dick who don't represent where you live Know you're annoyed but don't make the mistake I'm state to state in that Honda nigga, not an Accord I'm in that Honda G4 you would never afford And yep, it's probably E's but a nigga is on board "}, "No ApologiesLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1] In my mind I'm a fighter, my heart's a lighter My soul is the fluid, my flow sparks it right up An arsenic writer, author with arth-r-itis Carpal tunnel, Marshall with Start-Shit-Itis Hard-headed and hot-headed, bull-headed and pig-headed Dick-headed, a prick, a big headache I'm sick, quick-witted, for every lyric spitted There are six critics who wait for me to slip with it So, quick\u2014this dynamite stick, bury the wick It's gonna explode any minute, some lunatic lit it And it's not Nelly, do not tell me to stop yelling When I stop selling, I'll quit, so stop dwelling! I am not failing, you fuckers are not ready \u2018Cause I got jelly, like Beyonc\u00e9's potbelly This is destiny; yes, money, I'm off running So get off of me, I'm not slowing or softening  [Chorus] No apologies! Nah, suckers, I'm not sorry You can all sue me, y'all could be the cause of me No apologies! Y'all feelin' the force of me No remorse for me, like there was no recourse for me Nah, no apologies! Not even acknowledging you at all 'Til I get a call that God's coming No apologies! Laugh, fuckers, it's all funny I can spit in your face while you're standin' across from me No apologies! "}, "Billion Bucks by\u00a0Stat\u00a0QuoLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Hey, hey - Most certainly {\"LT Moe music, music, music..\"} Yeah! Hey, hey - LT you a fool for this one! Hey, hey - Statlanta, Statlanta.. Hey, hey - ha ha ha, I'm my favorite too  [Verse 1] This is Zone 3 speakin, Stat Quo stay cheesin On the grizz e'ry day, and night, and season Out here, I ain't leavin, you hatin for no reason Keep bitchin and tongue teasin, them heaters'll start squeezin Have you sick and grievin, dead not breathin Get back, lay down motherfucker now, we even Primetime G'in, him ya ain't seein Mad cause I fucked yo' bitch, she suck my dick like she was eatin The children's in my region, the city really needs him Cause these niggas rappin, slackin and underachievin Check my brain, know the name, the status I'm reachin Ice you never dream of, while ya all are sleepin Bad girl freakin, all night skeetin Huh, pimp hard, leave the country for the weekend No question, I'm him all season Statlanta, oh yes, the one you should believe in  [Hook] Hey, they say I'm doin too much I don't twist in my whip, blowin purp out the dutch (out the dutch) No, shawty pop that clutch Finger up, other hand on my nuts, shawty WHAT? (I'm fresh, dressed, like a billion bucks) Hey (I'm fresh, dressed, like a bil-I'm-I'm) (I'm-I'm fresh, dressed, like a billion bucks) Hey (I'm-I'm fresh, dressed, like a billion bucks) "}}, "Encore": {"Curtains Up (Skit) [Encore]Lyrics": {"lyrics": "*Crowd cheering* *Eminem humming to himself* *Checking mic*  We still on? *Machinery starting* Yo, is the mic on? Check, check, check, a'ight, it's good, let's go, come on  *Machinery working* *Cheering intensifies* (Eminem, Eminem, Eminem! Eminem, Eminem, Eminem! Eminem, Eminem, Eminem! Eminem, Eminem, Eminem!)"}, "Evil DeedsLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Lord, please forgive me for what I do For I know not what I've done  [Chorus] Father, please, forgive me for I know not what I do I just never had the chance to ever meet you Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds  [Verse 1] Momma had a baby and its head popped off Head popped off, head popped off, head popped off, head popped off, head popped off But Momma don't want me, the next thing I know, I'm gettin' dropped off Gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off Ring-ring-ring on the doorbell of the next door neighbors, on their front porch Their front porch, their front porch, their front porch, their front porch But they didn't want me neither, so they left me on someone else's lawn Else's lawn, else's lawn, else's lawn 'Til somebody finally took me in, my great aunt and uncle, Edna and Charles Edna and Charles, Edna and Charles, Edna and Charles, Edna and Charles, they were the ones who were left in charge My elementary, they'd gang up on me and sang this song Sang this song, sang this song, sang this song, sang this song It went a little something like: \"Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb Debbie had a Satan spawn, Satan spawn\" Momma why do they keep sayin' this? I just don't understand, understand And, by the way, where's my dad? "}, "Never Enough (Ft.\u00a050\u00a0Cent & Nate\u00a0Dogg)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1: Eminem] There's not much you could do or say to phase me People think I'm a little bit crazy I get it from all angles, even occasionally Doc Dre-zie Will have to step in every once in a while to save me To make me stop and think about it 'fore I just say things Sometimes I forget what other people just may think A lot of rappers probably wouldn't know how to take me If they heard some shit, I'd lay the tape 'fore they erased me I may be a little too fast-paced and racy Sometimes the average listener rewinds and plays me Twenty times 'cause I say so many rhymes it may seem Like I'm goin' too fast 'cause my mind is racing And I could give a fuck what category you place me Long as when I'm pushing up daisies And gone as long as you place me amongst one of them greats When I hit the heavenly gates I'll be cool beside Jay-Z For every single die-hard fan who embraced me I'm thankful for the talent in which God gave me And I'm thankful for the environment that he placed me Believe it or not, I thank my mom for how she raised me In the neighborhood daily that jumped and chased me It only made me what I am today, see Regardless of what anybody believes who hates me You ain't gonna make or break me Tryna strip me of my credibility and make me look fake, G You're only gonna be in for a rude awakening 'Cause sooner or later you haters are all gonna face me And when you face me with all the shit you've been saving To say to me, you had all this time to think about it Now don't pussy out and try to about face me 'Cause I've been patiently waiting for the day That we finally meet in the same place to see, "}, "Yellow Brick RoadLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Morris Casuto, Spiro Agnew, Randy Blazak & Eminem] What we have to do is deal with it when these individuals are young enough, if you will, to be saved, not in a religious sense, but not to constitute what this country at times calls (Yeah) their throwaway children We seem to be approaching (C'mon!) an age of the gross (*Burp*) We all have this idea that we should move up a little bit from our parents' station and each\u2014and each generation should do a little bit better  [Verse 1: Eminem] All right, come on, let's cut the bullshit, enough Let's get it started, let's start addressin' this issue, and open it up Let's take this shit back to the basement and we can discuss Statements that's made on this tape and its whole origin of The music that we all know and love, the music we all enjoy The music you accuse me of tryin' to destroy Let's rewind it to '89 when I was a boy On the East Side of Detroit, crossin' 8 Mile into Warren Into hick territory; I'd like to share a story This is my story, and can't nobody tell it for me You have well informed me, I am well-aware That I don't belong here: you've made that perfectly clear I get my ass kicked damn near everywhere From Bel-Aire shopping center just for stoppin' in there From the black side all the way to the white side Okay, there's a bright side, a day that I might slide You may call it a pass, I call it haulin' my ass Through that patch of grass over them railroad tracks Oh, them railroad tracks, them old railroad tracks Them good old notorious so well known tracks "}, "Like Toy SoldiersLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Step by step, heart to heart Left, right, left, we all fall down  [Chorus: Martika] Step by step, heart to heart Left, right, left, we all fall down Like toy soldiers Bit by bit, torn apart We never win, but the battle wages on For toy soldiers  [Verse 1: Eminem] I'm supposed to be the soldier who never blows his composure Even though I hold the weight of the whole world on my shoulders I ain't never s'posed to show it, my crew ain't supposed to know it Even if it means goin' toe-to-toe with a Benzino It don't matter, I'd never drag 'em in battles that I can handle 'Less I absolutely have to, I'm s'posed to set an example I need to be the leader, my crew looks for me to guide 'em If some shit ever does pop off, I'm s'posed to be beside 'em That Ja shit, I tried to squash it, it was too late to stop it There's a certain line you just don't cross and he crossed it I heard him say Hailie's name on a song and I just lost it It was crazy, the shit went way beyond some Jay-Z and Nas shit And even though the battle was won, I feel like we lost it I spent so much energy on it, honestly, I'm exhausted And I'm so caught in it, I almost feel I'm the one who caused it This ain't what I'm in hip-hop for, it's not why I got in it That was never my object, for someone to get killed Why would I wanna destroy somethin' I helped build? That wasn't my intentions, my intentions were good I went through my whole career without ever mentionin' **** And that was just out of respect, for not runnin' my mouth And talkin' about somethin' that I knew nothin' about Plus Dre told me, \"Stay out,\" this just wasn't my beef So I did, I just fell back, watched and gritted my teeth While he's all over TV, down-talkin' a man Who literally saved my life, like fuck it, I understand This is business, and this shit just isn't none of my business But still knowin' the shit could pop off at any minute, 'cause "}, "MoshLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] I pledge allegiance to the flag Of the United States of America And to the republic for which it stands (People) One nation, under God, indivisible With liberty and justice for all (It feels so good to be back) (Mosh with me now)  [Verse 1] Scrutinize every word, memorize every line I spit it once, refuel, re-energize, and rewind I give sight to the blind, my insight through the mind I exercise my right to express when I feel it's time It's just all in your mind, what you interpret it as I say to fight, you take it as \"I'ma whip someone's ass\" And if you don't understand, don't even bother to ask A father who has grown up with a fatherless past Who has blown up now to rap phenomenon that has Or at least shows no difficulty multitaskin' And juggling both, perhaps mastered his craft slash Entrepreneur who's helped launch a few more rap acts Who's had a few obstacles thrown his way through the last half Of his career, typical manure, movin' past that Mr. Kiss-His-Ass-Crack, he's a class act Rubber Band Man, yeah, he just snaps back "}, "PukeLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] *Eminem pukes into the toilet* *Eminem hocks and spits into the toilet* *Toilet flush* There I go, thinking of you again  [Chorus] You don't know how sick you make me You make me fucking sick to my stomach Every time I think of you I puke You must just not kno-o-o-o-o-o-ow You may not think you do, but you do Every time I think of you I puke  [Verse 1] I was gonna take the time to sit down and write you a little poem But off of the dome would probably be a little more More suitable for this type of song, whoa I got a million reasons off the top of my head that I could think of Sixteen bars just ain't enough to put some ink to So fuck it, I'ma start right here, I'll just be brief, I'm 'Bout to rattle off some of the reasons I knew I shouldn't go and get another tattoo Of you on my arm, but what do I go and do? I go and get another one, now I got two (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh) Now I'm sitting here with your name on my skin I can't believe I went and did this stupid shit again My next girlfriend, now her name's gotta be Kim (Shi-i-i-i-i-i-it) If you only knew how much I hated you For every motherfucking thing you've ever put us through Then I wouldn't be standing here crying over you (Boo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-hoo) "}, "My 1st SingleLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Oh! Yeah! So much for first single on this one  [Verse 1] Shady's the label, Aftermath is the stable That the horses come out of\u2014erra Of course we're about to stir up Some shit thick as Mrs. Buttersworth's syrup It's the Mr. Picked-on-Christopher-Reeves-just-for-no-reason Other than to\u2014just to tease him 'Cause he was his biggest (*burp*) fan He used to be Superman, now I'm pourin' Liquor on the curb in his name for him \"Eminem, you wait 'til we meet up again, fucker I'm kickin' your ass for everything you've ever said!\" It goes one for the money, two for the fuckin' show Ready, get set, let's go Here comes the buckin' bronco Stompin' and stampedin' up the damn street like them buffalo Soldiers, I told ya I'm 'bout to blow, so look out below, Geronimo Motherfuckers, it's dominoes, I'm on a roll Around and around I go When will I stop? I don't know Tryin' to pick up where The Eminem Show left off But I know anything's possible Though I'm not gonna top what I sold I'm at the top of my game, that shit is not gonna change Long as I got Dr. Dre on my team I'll get away With murder: I'm like O.J., he's like my Cochran today We keep the Mark Fuhrman tapes In a safe, locked 'em away (*slam*) Better watch what you say Just when you thought you were safe Them fuckers got you on tape You swear to God you was playin' Whether or not you was little Joshua Gosh, I wish I could've told you to not do the same 'Cause one day it could cost you your name "}, "Paul (Skit) [2004] (Ft.\u00a0Paul\u00a0Rosenberg)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Skit: Paul Rosenberg] Hey Em, it's Paul, uh, listen, I just got a call from the label And you're probably not gonna be surprised but, um Michael Jackson is extremely upset about the Just Lose It video And, um, I mean he's pissed, so I-I don't know what he's gonna do But we gotta talk about how we're gonna handle this Um, oh yeah, anyway, somebody told me that, um They heard a rumor that you got a new gun Um, I know it's probably not true But I just need to talk to you about that So, um, gimme a call"}, "Rain ManLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Yeah Definitely, definitely Definitely dope Definitely Definitely K-Mart Yeah Yeah (*Fart*)  [Verse 1: Eminem] You find me offensive, I find you offensive For finding me offensive, hence, if I should draw the line any fences, if so, to what extents, if Any, should I go? 'Cause it's getting expensive Being on the other side of the courtroom on the defensive They say I cause extensive psychological nerve damage to the brain When I go to lengths this far at other people's expenses I say you're all just too goddamn sensitive It's censorship, and it's downright blasphemous Let's end this shit now, 'cause I won't stand for this And Christopher Reeves won't sit for this neither And let's clear this up too, I ain't got no beef with him either He used to be like a hero to me, I even believe I Had one of those 25-cent stickers on my refri-gerator Right next to Darth Vader And Darth must've put a hex on him for later I feel like it's my fault, 'cause of the way that I stuck him up in between him and Lex Luthor I killed Superman, I killed Super\u2014 Man, and how ironic That I'd be the bad guy, kryptonite, the green chronic "}, "Big WeenieLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] I don't understand Why are you being so mean? You're a mean, mean man  [Chorus] You're just jealous of me 'cause you, you just can't do what I do So instead of just admitting it, you walk around and say All kinds of really mean things about me 'Cause you're a meanie, a meanie But it's only 'cause you're just really jealous of me 'Cause I'm what you wanna be, so you just look like an idiot When you say these mean things, 'cause it's too easy to see You're really just a big weenie, big weenie  [Verse 1] Alright, listen, I need you to focus I need you to go dig deep in your mind, this is important We are going to perform an experiment of the sorts I'm going to have to ask you to bear with me for a moment Now I need you to open your mind, your eyes, close 'em You are now about to be placed under my hypnosis For the next four and a half minutes, we are going to explore Into your mind to find out why you're so fucking jealous Now why did they make yoo-hoo? Pippity-kaka-poo-poo Psych, I'm kidding, I just wanted to see if you're still listening Okay, now I need your undivided attention Sir, I have a question, why do I always sense this undeniable tension? From the moment that I enter into the room it gets all quiet and whispers Whenever there's conversation, why am I always mentioned? I've been dying to ask, it's been itching at me, is it just because... "}, "Em Calls Paul (Skit) [2004]Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Spoken: Eminem] Ayo Paul, it's Em I got your call about the Michael Jackson thing And I know that he's not thrilled about the video What, does he wanna be startin' somethin'? Wow, well, I'll show him who's really bad Paul, the way you make me feel with these calls You should really take a look at the man in the mirror and tell him to beat it, because I won't stop 'til I get enough Do you remember the time? We were watching the \"Billie Jean\" video Well, he'll always be that Michael to me and it doesn't matter if he's black or white because I can't stop loving him And I hate plastic surgeons, and I hope they all fucking die How do you like that? And I like him, I like him a lot I wanna' touch him, but I can't Excuse me, I'm taking a shit, sorry Anyways, call me back I have this idea about how I want to end the show So, hit me when you get this message, fucker Oh, and by the way, no, I don't have a new gun (God damn it)"}, "Just Lose ItLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Down, down, down Down, down, down Down, down, down Down, okay Guess who's back, back again Shady's back, tell a friend Now everyone report to the dance floor To the dance floor, to the dance floor Now everyone report to the dance floor Alright, stop, pajama time  [Verse 1] Come here, little kiddies, on my lap Guess who's back with a brand-new rap? And I don't mean \"rap\" as in a new case Of child molestation accusations Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah, no worries Papa's got a brand-new bag of toys What else could I possibly do to make noise? I done touched on everything but little boys And that's not a stab at Michael That's just a metaphor, I'm just psycho I go a little bit crazy sometimes I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes Good God, dip, do a little slide Bend down, touch your toes, and just glide Up the center of the dance floor Like TP for my bung-hole And it's cool if you let one go Nobody's gonna know, who'd hear it? Give a little poot-poot, it's okay Oops, my CD just skipped And everyone just heard you let one rip "}, "Ass Like ThatLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Ow, baby  [Chorus] The way you shake it, I can't believe it I ain't never seen an ass like that The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go D-doing, doing, doing I don't believe it, it's almost too good to be true I ain't never seen an ass like that The way you move it, you make my pee-pee go D-doing, doing, doing  [Verse 1] The way she moves, she's like a belly dancer She's shaking that ass to the new Nelly jams, I Think someone's at the door, but I don't think I'ma answer Police saying \"freeze,\" (Oh), d-doing, doing, doing What do you mean, freeze? Please, I'm a human being, I have needs I'm not done, not 'til I'm finished peeing I am not resisting arrest, I am agreeing Mr. Officer, I'm already on my knees I can't get on the ground any further, it's impossible for me And do not treat me like a murderer, I just like to pee Pee, pee, yes, I make R&B I sing song, it go ring-a-chong, a-ching-chong-chong-chong-ching Psych, I joke, I joke, I kid, I kid If I offend, I'm sorry, please, please, forgive For I am Triumph the Puppet Dog, I am a mere puppet I can get away with anything I say and you will love it "}, "Spend Some Time (Ft.\u00a050\u00a0Cent, Obie\u00a0Trice & Stat\u00a0Quo)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] If there's any bitches in this room Then there's somethin' I gotta say For all the fools who fell for the first girl who comes their way I've been down that road And now I'm back, sittin' on square one Tryin' to pick myself up where I started from  [Verse 1: Obie Trice] I never woulda thought that I'd see you out of control Even though my penis was deep down in your hole You should know, between us, we was like mates of soul Nothin' could intervene us, especially no hoes You was more so the chalant type I chose 'Til more shows, haunted you nights, I suppose That's how it go: with time spent, emotion grows In the beginning friends, we decided to roll So who's responsible when you get excited, explode And Obie's grinnin', then you invite that Obie's cold But bitches they gon' talk, niggas they gon' hate We established this way before we became mates So what's required is that you chill with all that fire Get your desire when I retire and\u2014  [Chorus: Dina Rae & Eminem] Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine (Ha-ha) I never thought I'd find someone to be mine Lord knows I was right, \u2018cause you just crossed the line Spend some time with me, say that you'll be mine "}, "MockingbirdLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Yeah I know sometimes Things may not always make sense to you right now But hey What Daddy always tell you? Straighten up, little soldier Stiffen up that upper lip What you cryin' about? You got me  [Verse 1] Hailie, I know you miss your Mom, and I know you miss your Dad When I'm gone, but I'm tryin' to give you the life that I never had I can see you're sad, even when you smile, even when you laugh I can see it in your eyes, deep inside you wanna cry 'Cause you're scared, I ain't there, Daddy's wit' you in your prayers No more cryin', wipe them tears, Daddy's here, no more nightmares We gon' pull together through it, we gon' do it Lainie, Uncle's crazy, ain't he? Yeah, but he loves you, girl, and you better know it We're all we got in this world when it spins, when it swirls When it whirls, when it twirls, two little beautiful girls Lookin' puzzled, in a daze, I know it's confusin' you Daddy's always on the move, Mama's always on the news I try to keep you sheltered from it, but somehow it seems The harder that I try to do that, the more it backfires on me All the things growin' up as Daddy that he had to see Daddy don't want you to see, but you see just as much as he did We did not plan it to be this way, your mother and me But things have got so bad between us, I don't see us ever bein' Together ever again, like we used to be when we was teenagers But then, of course, everything always happens for a reason I guess it was never meant to be But it's just somethin' we have no control over, and that's what destiny is But no more worries, rest your head and go to sleep Maybe one day we'll wake up and this'll all just be a dream "}, "Crazy in LoveLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Heart] Tell myself that I was doing alright There's nothing left to do tonight But go crazy on you Crazy on you Let me go crazy, crazy on you, oh  [Verse 1] Can't you see what you do to me, baby? You make me crazy, you make me act like a maniac I'm like a lunatic, you make me sick You're truly the only one who can do this to me You just make me get so crazy I go schizo, I get so insane, I just go schizophrenic One minute I wanna slit your throat, the next I wanna sex You make me crazy, the way we act Like two maniacs in the sack We fuck like two jackrabbits And maybe that's a bad habit 'Cause the next day we're right back at it In the same exact pattern What the fuck is the matter with us? We can't figure out if it's lust or it's love What's that that's attractin' us to each other? They say that every man grows up to marry his own mother Which would explain why you're such a motherfuckin' bitch But I stay and still stick it out with you Even though I just hit you today But you deserve it, you hit me first and provoked me to choke you Just 'cause I came home late last night Crawled in bed and I woke you But if there's one thing about you that I admire it's, baby Because you stay with me, maybe 'cause you're as crazy as I am 'Cause when I look at you I can see an angel in your eyes But if I look deeper inside I see your freakish little side Like a devil in disguise, you're always full of surprises Always pullin' devices out your purse: little vibrators and dildoes You fucked yourself so much you barely feel those anymore You're only 24, but you're plenty more ma-ture Than those other little hoes who just act like little girls Like they're in middle school still You're crazy, sexy, cool, chill And you play your position, you never step outta line Even though I stay in your business you've always kept outta mine I wonder what's on your mind Sometimes they say, \"love is blind\" Maybe that's why the first time I dotted your eye you ain't see the sign Or maybe you did, maybe you like being shoved Maybe 'cause we're crazy in love "}, "One Shot 2 Shot (Ft.\u00a0D12)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Fatt Father] I told y'all, motherfuckers, I was coming back (Oh, shit) What now, nigga? What now? What? Brewster Projects, nigga  [Chorus: Eminem] One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots All I hear is gunshots, this is where the fun stops Bodies drop, hit the floor, music's off, party stops Everybody hit the door, somebody's licking shots off  [Verse 1: Bizarre] Security's gone, I'm trapped in the club And I'm trying to run and get my motherfucking gun (Nigga, what about yo' wife?) Nigga, fuck my wife I'm trying to run and save my motherfucking life Oh, shit! The shooter's coming Bitches hollering, niggas running People, shot all over the floor And I'm trying to make it to the Saint Andrew's door *Shot* That's the sound of the Glock Even DJ House Shoes fucked around and got shot I done messed around and forgot my TEC I don't see nobody, but Fatt Father and Hex  [Verse 2: Kuniva & Eminem] (Kuniva, you alright?) These niggas is tripping (Where's Bizarre at?) (I don't know, man) I'm trying to slip through the exit and get to where my car is at Bitches screaming everywhere, and niggas is wylin' Two minutes ago, we was all joking and smiling This chick is clinging on to me, sobbing, and sighing Saying she didn't mean to diss me earlier, and she crying But it's real and it's on and caps is getting peeled So I hugged her and used her body as a human shield, and She got hit, and now she's yelling (Don't leave me!) I told her I'd be right back, and the dumb bitch believed me! I squeezed through the back door and made my escape I ran and got my .38, I hope it's not too late! "}, "Final Thought (Skit)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "*People chanting Eminem* *Eminem tears up a paper* *Footsteps* *Door open and slam shut* *More footsteps*  [Spoken: Slim Shady] I almost forgot You're comin' with me  *Gun cocking*  [Spoken: Eminem] Last one baby, let's go Last one baby, let's go Last one baby, let's go  *Eminem sighs*"}, "Encore / Curtains Down (Ft.\u00a050\u00a0Cent & Dr.\u00a0Dre)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: 50 Cent & Eminem] Sh-Sh-Sh, Shady! Aftermath! Haha! G-G-G-G, G-Unit! Haha!  [Chorus: Eminem & 50 Cent] 'Cause we came here to set this party off right Let\u2019s bounce tonight And if they don\u2019t let us in through the front We\u2019ll come through the side 'Cause I don\u2019t ever wanna leave the game Without at least saying goodbye So all my people on the left, all my people on the right Scream one last time  [Post-Chorus: Eminem] Get your ass up for the doctor, one more time Get your ass up for the doctor, come on now Here we go, cliff hanger, it's another club banger Got you hangin' on the edge of your seat, get on down  [Verse 1: Dr. Dre, Eminem, & Both] Time's up, game's over, you lose, I\u00a0win \u2019Bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here Oh yeah, new year, next phase, begin Look who's got you goin' crazy again I'm a trend, I set one every time I'm in I go out, and just come back full circle again You a fad, that means you something that we already had But once you're gone, you don't come back (Oh!) Too bad you're off the map now, radar can't even find you We stay on the grind, you slip, we out-grind you You walk around mad, you let your anger blind you We walk around, just playin' the violin behind you Enough with all the pissin' and moanin', whining and bitchin' Sit and observe, listen, you'll learn if you pay attention Why ten multi-platinum albums later, three diamond Worldwide, we're on the charts with a bullet, and still climbin' "}, "We As AmericansLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] There's an intruder In my house He cut my phone line (911, emer-) Can't dial out (Shit!) I scream for police But I doubt They're gonna hear me (*gun cock*) When I shout *gunshot*  [Verse 1] A couple of cocktails'll send me to jail There's a couple of cops hot on my trail, but this time When I get pulled over there's a Doberman Pinscher And a pit bull in the seat, these pigs'll get bit foolin' with me Quit foolin' with me, bitch, you're gonna see No pistol in the seat, why it always Gotta be an issue when you're me in which you're gonna see In the long run, I'ma be the wrong one You wanna harass with this limo-tinted glass Flashin' that flashlight on my ass \u2014 where was you at Last night when them assholes ran up on my grass? Rapper slash actor, kiss the crack of my cracker slash ass They took away my right to bear arms What I'm 'posed to fight with, bare palms? Yeah, right! They comin' with bombs, I'm comin' with flare guns "}, "Love You More (Bonus Track)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Still love me? Take this You ready? One, two, three!  [Chorus] The more you put me through The more it makes me wanna come back to you You say you hate me, I just love you more You don't want me, I just want you more I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me I know it's sad but it's makin' me happy The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on 'Cause you love me and I love you more  [Verse 1] It's sick, but who could ever predict we'd be doin' the same shit? We say \u201cWe do it for our baby\u201d, but we don't We do it for us, it's lust 'cause neither one Of us trust each other, so we fuck, 'til we bust And we cuss each other out, we know what it's about, shout 'Til I throw you out the house, you throw me out the house I throw you on the couch, punch you in the mouth Fist fight 'til we turn this mother out Then apologize after, laughter, pain It's insane, we're back in the same chapter again And it's sad, but it's true: when I'm layin' here with you There ain't nothin' anyone could ever say or ever do, 'cause\u2014 "}, "Ricky Ticky Toc (Bonus Track)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Once you call my name out, things will never be the same They should've never let us get our foot in this game  [Verse] Ever since I was introduced to rap music I been missing a screw like Bishop in Juice, I could lose it At any moment, those who know me know it So they probably told to go with the flow just so that I don't explode, and- have another episode Where I let it go as far as the one with Benzino did I'm waiting for that next beef, I'm cocked, locked and loaded I'm ready to go so bad I'm going bananas, my dick's so hard Anna Nicole could use it to fucking pole vault with Oh shit! I mean when she was still bloated Before they cut her stomach open and lypo'd it (Heheheh!) Anybody I throw flames at gets a name It's a game, 'cause they know that they don't spit the same It's a shame what people do for 10 minutes of fame Every day it's the same thing, people in this game Try to buddy-buddy us Just to get close enough to study us, everybody just wants To have something to do with that They all trying to get that stamp, they after that Shady/Aftermath money It's like a monopoly They probably just now finally understand \"How to Rob\" fully 50 Cent was like a fucking jackpot for me And Dre, it's like we hit the fucking lottery And the damn slot machine at the same time as each other Why the fuck you think we ride like we brothers? When we rhyme with each other, in time we discovered That we had more in common than we thought with each other Both robbed of our mothers, our fathers ain't want us What was wrong with us, was it our fault? 'Cause we started thinking God doesn't love us Two odd motherfuckers who just happened to meet at the right time What a coincidence, 'cause when 50 got shot up in Jamaica Queens, I still remember the call up at Chung King 'cause Big L had just got popped just a month before If 50 lives he's getting dropped from Columbia Two years later, me and Doc had to come, and, uhh- Operate, that's when he popped up at number one And we ain't never gonna stop if you wondering Even if I'm under the gun You ain't got to agree all the time with me or see eye-to-eye There'll always be animosity between you and I But see the difference is, if it is, I could give a shit I'm still gonna conduct motherfucking business as usual Egos aside 'fore I bruise 'em all Swallow your pride 'fore I step on it with shoes you call Nikes, Earthlings, how do you like these? You gotta love 'em, look at the bottom of 'em, they're like cleats Stomping, I been romping Since Tim Dog was hollering \"Fuck Compton\" I was whiling, freestyling Back when they were still making Maxell cassettes I wasn't even rap's Elvis yet, that tells us that Any doubts in your head, that seals the shit Ricky ticky toc, ticky ticky toc Still with the Diggy Diggy Doc, Diggy Diggy Doc And ya' don't stop"}}, "Kamikaze": {"The RingerLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] *Plane crash* Yeah (Illa, Illa, Illa) Yo, I'm just gonna write down my first thoughts, and see where this takes me, \u2019cause I feel like I wanna punch the world in the fuckin' face right now Yeah  [Verse] Let me explain just how to make greatness Straight out the gate, I'm \u2019bout to break it down Ain't no mistakes allowed, but make no mistake, I'm 'bout To rape the alphabet, I may raise some brows If I press the issue just to get the anger out (Brrr!) Full magazine could take Staples out Savage but ain't thinkin' 'bout no bank account But bitch, I'm off the chain like Kala Brown Motherfucker, shut the fuck up when I\u2019m talkin\u2019, lil' bitch I\u2019m sorry, wait, what's your talent? Oh, critiquin' My talent? Oh, bitch, I don't know who the fuck y\u2019all are To give a sub-par bar or even have an opinion of you You mention me, millions of views, attention in news I mention you, lose-lose for me, win-win for you Billions of views, your ten cents are two Skim through the music to give shit reviews To get clicks, but bitch, you just lit the fuse Don't get misconstrued, business as us' Shit-list renewed, so get shit to do Or get dissed 'cause I just don't get What the fuck half the shit is that you're listenin' to Do you have any idea how much I hate this choppy flow Everyone copies though? Prob'ly no Get this fuckin' audio out my Audi, yo, adi\u00f3s I can see why people like Lil Yachty, but not me though Not even dissin', it just ain't for me All I am simply is just an emcee Maybe \"Stan\" just isn't your cup of tea (Get it?) Maybe your cup's full of syrup and lean Maybe I need to stir up shit, preferably Shake the world up if it were up to me Paul wants me to chill, y'all want me to ill I should eat a pill, probably I will Old me killed the new me, watch him bleed to death I breathe on the mirror, I don't see my breath Possibly I'm dead, I must be possessed Like an evil spell, I'm E-V-I-L (\"Evil\" spelled) Jam a Crest Whitestrip in the tip of my dick With an ice pick, stick it in a vise grip Hang it on a spike fence, bang it with a pipe wrench While I take my ball sack and flick it like a light switch Like Vice President Mike Pence Back up on my shit in a sidekick as I lay it on a spike strip These are things that I'd rather do than hear you on a mic Since nine tenths of your rhyme is about ice and Jesus Christ, man, how many times is Someone gonna fuck on my bitch? (Fuck my side chick!) You won't ever see Em icy But as cold as I get on the M-I-C I polarize shit, so the Thames might freeze And your skull might split like I bashed you upside it Bitch, I got the club on smash like a nightstick (Yeah) Turn down for what? I ain't loud enough, nah, turn the Valium up (Illa, Illa, Illa) 'Cause I don't know how I'm gonna get your mouths to shut Now when it doesn't matter what caliber I spit at, I'll bet a hundred thousand bucks You'll turn around and just be like, \"Man, how the fuck Sourpuss gonna get mad just 'cause his album sucks? And now he wants to take it out on us\" (Ooouuu) But last week, an ex-fan mailed me a copy Of The Mathers LP to tell me to study It'll help me get back to myself and she'll love me (Ooouuu) I mailed the bitch back and said if I did that I'd just be like everyone else in the fucking industry Especially an effing Recovery clone of me (NFing) So finger-bang, chicken wang, MGK, Igg' Azae' Lil Pump, Lil Xan imitate Lil Wayne I should aim at everybody in the game, pick a name I'm fed up with bein' humble And rumor is I'm hungry, I'm sure you heard rumblings I heard you wanna rumble like an empty stomach I heard your mumblin' but it's jumbled in mumbo-jumbo The era that I'm from will pummel you, that's what it's comin' to What the fuck you're gonna do when you run into it? I'm gonna crumble you and I'll take a number two And dump on you, if you ain't Joyner If you ain't Kendrick or Cole or Sean, then you're a goner I'm 'bout to bring it to anyone in this bitch who want it I guess when you walk into BK you expect a Whopper You can order a Quarter Pounder when you go to McDonald's But if you're lookin' to get a porterhouse you better go get Revival But y'all are actin' like I tried to serve you up a slider Maybe the vocals shoulda been auto-tuned And you woulda bought it But sayin' I no longer got it 'Cause you missed a line and never caught it 'Cause it went over your head, because you're too stupid to get it 'Cause you're mentally retarded, but pretend to be the smartest With your expertise and knowledge, but you'll never be an artist And I'm harder on myself than you could ever be regardless What I'll never be is flawless, all I'll ever be is honest (Illa, Illa, Illa) Even when I'm gone they're gonna say I brought it Even when I hit my forties like a fuckin' alcoholic With a bottle full of malt liquor But I couldn't bottle this shit any longer The fact that I know that I'ma hit my bottom If I don't pull myself from the jaws of defeat and rise to my feet I don't see why y'all even started with me I get in beefs, my enemies die I don't cease fire 'til at least all are deceased I'm east side, never be caught slippin' Now you see why I don't sleep, not even a wink, I don't blink I don't doze off, I don't even nod to the beats I don't even close my fuckin' eyes when I sneeze \"Aw, man! That BET cypher was weak, it was garbage The Thing ain't even orange\u2014oh my God, that's a reach!\" Shout to all my colorblind people Each and everyone of y'all, if you call a fire engine green Aquamarine, or you think water is pink \"Dawg, that's a date\" \u2014 \"Looks like an olive to me\" \"Look, there's an apple!\" \u2014 \"No, it's not, it's a peach!\" So finger-bang, Pootie Tang Burger King, Gucci Gang, dookie, dang Charlamagne gonna hate anyway, doesn't matter what I say Give me Donkey of the Day What a way for 2018 to get underway But I'm gonna say everything that I wanna say Welcome to the slaughterhouse, bitch! (Yeah) Invite 'em in like a One A Day I'm not done (Preach!) 'Cause I feel like the beast of burden That line in the sand, was it even worth it? 'Cause the way I see people turning's Makin' it seem worthless, it's startin' to defeat the purpose I'm watchin' my fan base shrink to thirds And I was just tryin' to do the right thing, but word Has the court of public opinion reached a verdict Or still yet to be determined? 'Cause I'm determined to be me, critiqued or worshipped But if I could go back, I'd at least reword it And say I empathize with the people this evil serpent Sold the dream to that he's deserted But I think it's workin' These verses are makin' him a wee bit nervous And he's too scurred to answer me with words 'Cause he knows that he will lyrically get murdered But I know at least he's heard it 'Cause Agent Orange just sent the Secret Service To meet in person to see if I really think of hurtin' him Or ask if I'm linked to terrorists I said, \"Only when it comes to ink and lyricists\" But my beef is more media journalists (Hold up, hold up, hold up) I said, my beef is more meaty, a journalist Can get a mouthful of flesh And yes, I mean eating a penis 'Cause they've been pannin' my album to death So I've been givin' the media fingers Don't wanna turn this to a counseling sesh But they've been puttin' me through the ringer So I ain't ironin' shit out with the press But I just took this beat to the cleaners"}, "GreatestLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Motherfuckers talkin' crazy (Yeah) Sayin\u2019 I should quit (Ah) I fuckin' tell 'em \"make me\" (Bitch) Eat a fuckin\u2019 dick (Yeah) I'm feelin' like the greatest (Woo!) On the beat who ever did it Mike WiLL the one who made it It's Shady on the lyrics  [Verse 1] I'm somewhat outlandish they say You say we're cut from the same cloth But I guess you fabricate, eh? You better bring more men than the Latter Day Saints Manic states, Stephen Paddock with automatic stay sprayin' At anything that may stand in they way As I stand at the bay window with a hand grenade And a trey eight, at the Mandalay Bay Common sense, I'm a dollar short and a day late James Holmes at the Saturday Batman matinee Must have missed my CAT scan that day (Yeah!) I just threw a Tampax at Dre Trashcan, Tascam and ashtray I\u2019m turnin\u2019 back to a madman, can't take Anymore but I try to get away from the anger and rage My basal ganglia\u2019s an A to the K Get your ass sprayed like bidets Breakin' your legs eight different ways, ankle to waist You chumps don't even know how to do somethin' To give goosebumps a day when you say That somethin\u2019 you wrote gave someone a lump in their throat Or you had them choked up, you'd be yankin' my chain (Ayy) Feel like I'm headed for the padded cell, the Bar for me when I rap isn't fair but Guess that's the standard I'm held to But if somethin' like that doesn't tell ya You set a mark too high when platinum sales are looked at as a failure (Yeah) Then you better take it back to The Shelter and Hamburger Helper 'Cause, damn it, I'm still the "}, "Lucky You (Ft.\u00a0Joyner\u00a0Lucas)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Joyner Lucas] Woah, Joyner, Joyner, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah  [Refrain: Joyner Lucas] Yeah, I done did a lot of things in my day, I admit it I don't take back what I say, if I said it, then I meant it All my life I want a Grammy, but I'll prolly never get it I ain't never had no trophy or no motherfuckin' ribbon (Yeah, yeah, yeah) Fuck the system, I'm that nigga, bend the law, cut the rules I'm about to risk it all, I ain't got too much to lose (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) Y'all been eatin' long enough, it's my turn to cut the food (Yeah) Pass the plate (Yeah), where my drink (Hol' up)? This my day (Yeah, yeah), lucky you, fuck you too, woo!  [Chorus: Joyner Lucas] Y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move, y'all gotta move Give me some room (Woo!), give me some room (Hey!), give me the juice Hop out the coupe, hop out the coupe, hop out and shoot Y'all gotta move (Boom, bap), y'all gotta move (Woo!), give me the juice  [Verse 1: Joyner Lucas] Back on my bullshit, my back to the wall Turn my back on you, all of you finished (Bap, bop, bop) Back to these bullets, it's back to the job Pull my MAC out and all of you runnin' (Yeah, yeah, yeah) Back on my hood shit, it's back to the pushin' These packs and I'm actually pumpin' Can't fuck with you rappers, you practically suckin' (Yuh) You might'a went platinum but that don't mean nothin' I'm actually buzzin' this time Straight out the kitchen, I told 'em the oven is mine I do not fuck with you guys (Woo!) If I don't kill you, just know you gon' suffer this time (Yeah!) I ain't no gangster, but I got some bangers Some chains and some blades and a couple of knives Choppers and jammies, a partridge, a pear tree My Twelve Days of Christmas was nothin' but lies (I) Run at you hard like a sumo (Sumo) They say I talk like a chulo (Chulo!) I live on Mars, I'm not Bruno (Woo!) Bitch, I'm a dog, call me Cujo (Rah) You play your cards, I reverse on you all And I might just draw four like a Uno (Bup) C\u00e1llate boca mejor, maric\u00f3n Little puto, and all of you culo (Joyner) They've invented a level up in the ghetto to get old Lookin' for somethin' I prolly can never find now (Yeah, yeah) Shit get relevant 'til all the beef die down (Yeah) In truth, a nigga just really want me tied down (Bop, bop) I've been alone and I never needed nobody Just only me and my shawty, I'll tell these niggas to lie down Keep all the money, I never wanted the lifestyle I just pray to God that my son'll be alright now (Woo! Woo!) I said ain't no love for the other side Or anyone who ever want smoke (Joyner) When I die I'm goin' out as the underdog who never lost hope (Yeah) You in the wrong cab, down the wrong path Nigga, wrong way, wrong road (Woo! Woo!) Snakes in the grass tryna slither fast I just bought a fuckin' lawn mower (Vroom!) "}, "Paul (Skit) by\u00a0Paul\u00a0RosenbergLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Skit: Paul Rosenberg] Hey Em, It's Paul Umm, I listened to the new album Umm, are you really gonna just reply to everybody who You don't like what they have to say Uh, about you or the stuff you're working on? I mean, I don't know if that's really a great idea It's-it's like, what's next? Kamikaze 2 The album where you reply to everybody Who didn't like the album that you made replying to everybody That didn't like the previous album? It's a slippery slope I-I don't know if it's a really good idea Umm, anyway, hit me back"}, "NormalLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] (Illa, Illa, Illa) (Yeah-Yeah, yeah-yeah) Yo (Yo), how do I keep (Man, I don't know what\u2019s up with these hoes, man) Gettin' in relationships like this? (I'm just sayin\u2019) Maybe it says somethin' about me (Yeah, yup) Should I look in the mirror?  [Chorus] I just want you to be normal Why can't you bitches be normal? Always gotta be so extra Why you always need a lecture? My ex hates to talk, she's a texter Even when I'm in bed layin' right next to her Wants to get back together Said not 'til she gets her act together  [Verse 1] She thinks I'm bein\u2019 mean and now She starts to scream and shout She\u2019s about to let the demons out She don't wanna see me with other females out I tell the bitch to beat it, take the scenic route She retaliates by tryin\u2019 to leave the house In an evening gown with her cleavage out We've been down this road too many times for me to count And all I can think is how\u2014 "}, "Em Calls Paul (Skit) [2018]Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Skit: Eminem & GPS] Paul, yo, um So I got your message, I wish you would answer the fuckin' phone Um... (Turn right) No, I don't plan to reply to everybody who fuckin' says something fucked up about me But I will say this, I was reading some comments last night about, like (Turn right), what people are fuckin' saying about Revival And uhh Yo, this Yahoo motherfucker, whatever the fuck his name is, said I rhy\u2014literally said I rhymed \"rhymes\" with \"chimes\" \"Sucker free, confidence high Such a breeze when I pen rhymes\" (Turn right) Like, you don't understand I'm rhyming the entire fuckin' sentence you fuckin' moron (In 100 feet, turn left) It's my fault 'cause you're fuckin' stupid But I swear to God this motherfucker lives in Michigan and I think I figured out his address And I'm on my way to his fuckin' house right now (Turn left) I'll hit you back later"}, "Stepping StoneLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Mario Resto] Take me to the river Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah  [Verse 1: Eminem] It's 2002, everything was totally new We were globally huge, watchin' sales go through the roof We wrote and we feuded, Runyon Avenue soldiers included A multitude of homies who would pounce for no good excuse We were so bulletproof\u2014wrote, souped, and soaked in our youth Thought we was runnin' shit 'til we lost the sole of our shoe The death of Doody broke us in two We were thrown for a loop, ain't none of us know what to do And at the time I was goin' through my own struggles too So I wasn't in no condition to be coachin' us through Everyone tried to go solo, really nobody blew I was hopin' they do, so I ain't have to shoulder the crew The plan was put everyone in position so that they knew How to stand on their own, and I don't wanna open up wounds I just noticed that oomph was gone when we go in the booth 'Cause the truth is, the moment that Proof died, so did the group Shoot!  [Pre-Chorus: Mario Resto, Eminem & Both] If I could leave this all behind I could open up my eyes and walk in a straight line Down to the river with you Help me leave this all behind "}, "Not Alike (Ft.\u00a0Royce\u00a0Da 5'9\")Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Lil Juice & Eminem] Tay Keith, fuck these niggas up! Yeah  [Pre-Chorus: Eminem] Brain dead, eye drops Pain meds, cyclops (Yup) Daybed, iPod \"May-back\", Maybach (Yup) Trainwrecks, sidewalks Payless, high-tops (Uh) K-Fed, iHop Playtex, icebox (Yeah)  [Chorus: Eminem] That's how much we have in common (Yah!) That's how much we have in common (Woah!) Up on this mic when we're on it (Yah!) That's how much we have in common (Yeah!) That's how much we have in common (Woo!) That's how much we have in common We are not alike, there's nada like us on the mic (Yah!)  [Verse 1: Royce da 5'9\" & Eminem] I don't do Jordans and Audemars I do explosions and Molotovs Y'all blowin' smoke as if y'all ain't washed I blow the smoke from the car exhaust Flyin' to a party I am not invited to, feelin' like the streets need me (What up?) I ain't gotta dance long as my Ferrari Spider move like C Breezy I don't gotta hire goons I'd rather try to buy the moon and breathe freely The sky's blue, the tires new The Maserati white and cool like G-Eazy Why these dudes tryna figure out How to do a freestyle as fly as me? (Why?) I'm confused tryna figure out How to do Kapri Styles and Mya G (Woo!) Everybody doin' chick joints Prolly rob these little dudes at fist point 'Member everybody used to bite Nickel Now everybody doin' Bitcoin We don't got nothin' in common (No!) We don't got nothin' in common (No!) Y'all into stuff like doubled-up Styrofoam cups On 'em uppers-and-downers (Woo!) I'm into stuff like doublin' commas Find me a brother who's solid To count this shit up and then bust this shit down When the cops hit us up, we can flush this shit down We cannot give a fuck, shit, a fuckin' colonic Sellin' your cock and your butt for a follow or Possible couple of dollars, you powder sniff Now you slippin', call it a power trip, a produc' of politics Y'all went from profit and toppin' the charts To dropped in the park in a pile of shit Knowledge is power, but powerless If you've got it and you do not acknowledge it Y'all music sound like Dr. Seuss inspired it Hirin' strippers, prostitute retirin' We can spit it for your advance I'm fit to be king, you're cut out to fit in Prince pants You niggas\u2014 "}, "KamikazeLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] (Fack) Okay, (Fack) how do I say this? (Fack) Last year (Fack) didn't work out so well for me (Fack) (Fack last year) (Fack) (Last year can eat a dick) 2018, (Fack) well (Fack) Heh, yeah, I'm a fuckin' kamikaze crashin' into everything You beat me, Islamic Nazi, that means there is no such thing I've been goin' for your jugular since Craig G \"Duck Alert\" Wedgie in my underwear, the whole bed sheet and the comforter  [Verse 1] Stuck up in my rectal crack, kiss my disrespectful ass I'll ride through your cul-de-sac Window cracked, bumpin' your reference tracks Y-you collaborative effort rap, I-I have never said his raps O-overstayed my welcome Stepped in crap and ruined your welcome mat So spit that shit from the heart, you didn't write like you wrote it (Wrote it) (Yeah) While I teabag the microphone 'cause I go nuts on it (Oh, yeah) Like a fighter jet lined with explosives that'll strike any moment Headed right at opponents, and I'm the fuckin' pilot that flown it I'm 'bout to\u2014  [Chorus] Smash into everyone, crash into everything Back and I've just begun, \"FACK,\" 2017 Fack, fack on everyone Fack, fack on everyone Fack, fack on everyone I'm a Kamikaze, gonna Smash into everyone, crash like an F-15 Damage already done, y'all shoulda let me be Fack, fack on everyone Fack, fack on everyone Fack, fack on everyone I'm a Kamikaze, gonna "}, "FallLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem & Justin Vernon] (Photoshoot!) You know, everybody's been tellin' me What they think about me for the last few months It's too loud Maybe it's time I tell 'em what I think about them Can't hear it coming down the hallway stairs from the parking lot It's too loud Three's not a crowd all up in it Slow fire  [Chorus: Justin Vernon] Don't fall on my face Don't fall on my faith, oh Don't fall on my fate Don't fall on my faith, oh Don't fall on my fate Don't fall on my\u2013  [Verse 1: Eminem] Gotta concentrate, against the clock I race Got no time to waste, I'm already late, I got a marathoner's pace Went from addict to a workaholic, word to Dr. Dre In that first marijuana tape\u2014guess I got a chronic case (Yeah) And I ain't just blowin' smoke, 'less it's in your mama's face I know this time Paul and Dre They won't tell me what not to say (Nope!) And though me and my party days Have all pretty much parted ways You'd swear to God I forgot I'm the guy that made \"Not Afraid\" (Yah) One last time for Charlamagne If my response is late, it's just how long it takes To hit my fuckin' radar, I'm so far away (Woo) These rappers are like Hunger Games One minute, they're mockin' JAY (Yeah) Next minute, they get their style from Migos or they copy Drake Maybe I just don't know when to turn around and walk away But all the hate, I call it Walk-on-Water-Gate I've had as much as I can tolerate I'm sick and tired of waitin', I done lost my patience I can take all of you motherfuckers on at once (Yeah!) You wanted Shady? You got him! "}, "Nice Guy by\u00a0Eminem\u00a0& Jessie ReyezLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Chorus: Jessie Reyez] You're such a nice guy, a nice guy You're faithful, you don't lie After the club, you'll go back home, right? Right? Sike  [Post-Chorus: Jessie Reyez] Suck my dick, you fuckin' suck, man Suck my dick, you fuckin' suck, man I hope that your heart get hit by a semi-truck Suck my dick, you fuckin' suck, man  [Verse 1: Jessie Reyez] I hop in your whip and take a sip, then I gun it I don't, I don't got much self-control, I hope that you runnin' I'm bipolar with the switch-up just as quick, like you cummin' I don't, I don't got much self-control, I hope that you runnin'  [Verse 2: Eminem] I'm not a cheater, but if I'ma be accused, might as well be You tell me you'll take me back when hell freezes, but females be rushin' me outside my telly, temptation overwhelms me Like my monthly bill from Sprint, they chargin' me for a selfie Chargin' me, so I gave my hotel key (Uh, I was tryna be nice)   [Chorus: Jessie Reyez & Eminem] You're such a nice guy, a nice guy You're faithful, you don't lie After the club, you'll go back home, right? Right? Sike "}, "Good Guy (Ft.\u00a0Jessie\u00a0Reyez)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse: Eminem] Here we go aga-ain, from heroes to villains Used to be your Romeo, but we both were jilted A couple of times, so we had a slippery slope to deal with But still, it gave me hope that we'll get Through it together, a severed earlobe Mailed to you in a E-N-V-E-lope Would be dope, but what kind of lengths can you go? Pull a Vincent van Gogh, just to convince a damn ho (Damn ho) To be a housewife who outright lies She's blackout drunk, now she's backin' out my drive I ran outside, why is she tryna act out? She's just about my size, hit me in the mouth twice Guys, when someone you'd die for Sticks a steak knife in your heart, do you try more? Another late night in, she stumbles through my door Lets the daylight in and all we do's fight more And I ain't violent, but she's goin' through my drawers (Illa, Illa, Illa) To plant the K-Y in, I'm gettin' accused by a whore Who smells like St. Ides and who's prob'ly screwed five more Guys, sucked eight-nine men I'm takin' two-by-fours to our eight-by-tens Bitch, it's you I tore out the frame, I win Put up a new high score, beat this game I'm in And here's some two-ply for when you date my friends In order to wipe your ass when you moved your bowels When we renewed our vows, this the thanks I get? I'm waitin' for the day I can Hear you say, \"Marshall, what a skank I've been.\" \"And there's a new guy, you're being replaced by him.\" Got your tubes tied for him, got that boob job for him Hurts me to my core, but the pain I'm in After you, I swore to make the grey skies end Here come the rays like when You get a pay hike and Am I the good guy or do I just play like him (Illa, Illa, Illa) And hope that he dumps you? It's like a dream come true, just to scream \"Fuck you!\" (Fuck you!) Guess you take life in the same way you play dice then 'Cause you just look at me and roll them little snake eyes in Since\u2014 "}, "VenomLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] I got a song filled with shit for the strong-willed When the world gives you a raw deal Sets you off 'til you scream, \"Piss off! Screw you!\" When it talks to you like you don't belong Or tells you you're in the wrong field When something's in your mitochondrial 'Cause it latched on to you, like\u2014  [Verse 1] Knock knock, let the devil in Manevolent as I've ever been, head is spinnin' This medicine's screamin', \"L-L-L-Let us in!\" L-L-L-Like a salad bowl, Edgar Allan Poe Bedridden, shoulda been dead a long time ago Liquid Tylenol, gelatins, think my skeleton's meltin' Wicked, I get all high when I think I've smelled the scent Of elephant manure\u2014hell, I meant Kahl\u00faa Screw it, to hell with it, I went through hell with accelerants And blew up my-my-myself again Volkswagen, tailspin, bucket matches my pale skin Mayo and went from Hellmann's and being rail thin Filet-o-Fish, Scribble Jam, Rap Olympics '97 Freaknik How can I be down? Me and Bizarre in Florida Proof's room slept on the floor of 'da motel then Dr. Dre said, \"Hell yeah!\" And I got his stamp like a postcard, word to Mel-Man And I know they're gonna hate But I don't care, I barely can wait To hit 'em with the snare and the bass Square in the face, this fuckin' world better prepare to get laced Because they're gonna taste my\u2014 "}}, "The Eminem Show": {"Curtains Up (Skit)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Curtains open, followed by immediate applause of a crowd. Ominous piano music begins to play as curtains continue to roll back. Footsteps approach the mic, causing it to give off feedback. Eminem taps the mic, then clears his throat.]"}, "White AmericaLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] America! Ha ha ha! We love you How many people are proud to be citizens Of this beautiful country of ours, the stripes and the stars For the rights that men have died for to protect? The women and men who have broke their necks For the freedom of speech the United States government has sworn to uphold\u2026\u00a0or so we're told (Yo, I want everybody to listen to the words of this song)  [Verse 1] I never would've dreamed in a million years I'd see So many motherfuckin' people who feel like me Who share the same views and the same exact beliefs It's like a fuckin' army marchin' in back of me So many lives I touched, so much anger aimed In no particular direction, just sprays and sprays And straight through your radio waves, it plays and plays 'Til it stays stuck in your head for days and days Who would've thought standin' in this mirror, bleachin' my hair With some peroxide, reachin' for a t-shirt to wear That I would catapult to the forefront of rap like this? How could I predict my words would have an impact like this? I must've struck a chord with somebody up in the office 'Cause Congress keep tellin' me I ain't causin' nothin' but problems And now they're sayin' I'm in trouble with the government I'm lovin' it, I shoveled shit all my life, and now I'm dumpin' it on "}, "BusinessLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem & Dr. Dre] Marshall! Sounds like an SOS Holy wack unlyrical lyrics, Andre, you're fucking right! To the Rapmobile\u2014let's go! (Marshall! Marshall!) Bitches and gentlemen! It's showtime! Hurry hurry, step right up! Introducing the star of our show His name is (Marshall!) You wouldn't wanna be anywhere else in the world right now So without further ado, I bring to you (Marshall!)  [Verse 1: Eminem] You 'bout to witness hip-hop in its most purest Most rawest form, flow almost flawless Most hardest, most honest known artist Chip off the old block, but old Doc is (back) Looks like Batman brought his own Robin Oh God, Saddam's got his own Laden With his own private plane, his own pilot Set to blow college dorm room doors off the hinges Oranges, peach, pears, plums, syringes Vrinn, vrinn! Yeah, here I come, I'm inches Away from you, dear, fear none Hip-hop is in a state of 9-1-1, so "}, "Cleanin' Out My ClosetLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Where's my snare? I have no snare in my headphones There you go Yeah Yo, yo  [Verse 1] Have you ever been hated or discriminated against? I have, I been protested and demonstrated against Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times Sick is the mind of the motherfuckin' kid that's behind All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans, explodin' Tempers flarin' from parents, just blow 'em off and keep goin' Not takin' nothin' from no one, give 'em hell long as I'm breathin' Keep kickin' ass in the morning and takin' names in the evenin' Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth See, they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out Look at me now! I bet you're prolly sick of me now Ain't you, Mama? I'ma make you look so ridiculous now!  [Chorus] I'm sorry, Mama I never meant to hurt you I never meant to make you cry But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (One more time!) I said I'm sorry, Mama I never meant to hurt you I never meant to make you cry But tonight I'm cleanin' out my closet (Ha!) "}, "Square DanceLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Produced by Eminem & Jeff Bass]  [Intro: Eminem] People!\u2014erra It feels so good to be back La-l-ladies and gent-g-gentleman-gentleman-an Introdu-du-ducing the new-new and improved-proved you-you know who-who (Chka-err, chk-err, chka)  [Verse 1: Eminem] Never been the type to bend or budge The wrong button to push, no friend of Bush I'm the centerpiece, you're a Maltese I'm a pitbull off his leash, all this peace talk can cease All these people I had to leave in limbo I'm back now, I've come to release this info I'll be brief, and let me just keep shit simple Canibitch don't want no beef with Slim, no Not even on my radar So won't you please jump off my dick, lay off and stay off? And follow me as I put these crayons to chaos From s\u00e9ance to s\u00e9ance, aw-a-aw-a-a-aw-a-aw  [Chorus: Eminem] Come on now! Let's all get on down (Let's dance) Do-si-do now! We gon' have a good ol' time (Let's sing) Don't be scared, \u2018cause there ain't nothin' to worry 'bout (Join hands) Let your hair down and square dance with me (Be free) Come on now! Let's all get on down! (Let's chill) Do-si-do now! We gon' have a good ol' time (Let's live) Don't be scared, \u2018cause there ain't nothin' to worry 'bout (And dance) Let your hair down and square dance with me! (With me) "}, "The Kiss (Skit)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Skit: Eminem, Gary] [\"Everybody's Looking At Me\" plays in the background] \"I'm gonna kill this bitch. I'm gonna kill her. I'm going to fucking jail 'cause I'm gonna kill this bitch!\" \"Yo, man\u2026\" \"What?\" \"I don't know, I got a really, really bad feeling about this\u2026\" \"Man, would you shut the fuck up, Gary!? You always got a bad feeling, man! That's her car right there, just park.\" \"Alright, just let me park\u2026 I'm parking!\" \"Fucking turn the car off, dawg.\" \"Aight\u2026\" \"Aight, we wait.\" \"We wait for what?\" \"We wait until she comes out, and then I'm gonna fucking kill her.\" \"Man\u2026 you ain't gonna kill no one\u2014what the fuck did you bring that for!?\" \"Man, shut the fuck up, dawg. Just shut up. Fucking clip is empty, it's not\u2014\" [Eminem reveals the empty gun magazine] \"Man, don't point that shit at me!\" \"It's not even loaded, bitch, look.\" [Eminem pulls trigger, unloaded gun clicks] \"Dude! God, I fucking hate when you do that shit.\" \"Yeah, but it's funny as fuck.\" \"Gonna fuck around and kill me one of these days, I swear\u2026\" \"Gets you every time.\"  [\"Soldier\" theme begins to play]  \"Is that her?\" \"Where?\" \"Right there, motherfucker.\" \"Oh, yeah\u2026\" \"Aight, get down, get down.\" \"Fuck, here we go again\u2026\" \"Get down!\" \"\u2026The fuck? You want me to get under the car?\" \"Yo, who's she walking with?\" \"The fuck am I supposed to know? You told me to duck down!\" \"It's the fucking bouncer... Did she just kiss him?\" \"I don't think so.\" \"Dawg, sh\u2014she just fucking kissed him!\" \"No, she didn't.\" \"Sh\u2014she's kissing him, dawg.\" \"No, she's not!\" \"She fucking kissed\u2014\" [Eminem exits car] \"Aw, shit\u2026\" \"Come on.\" [Eminem runs off, yelling \"Motherfucker!\"] \"Marsh!\""}, "SoldierLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] I'm a soldier I'm a soldier (La-de-dah-dah, dah-dah, dah-dah) I'm a soldier I'm a soldier Yo  [Verse 1] Never was a thug, just infatuated with guns Never was a gangsta 'til I graduated to one And got the rep of a villain, for weapon concealin' Took the image of a thug, kept shit appealin' Willin' to stick out my neck for respect If it meant life or death, never live to regret what I said When you're me, people just wanna see if it's true If it's you\u2014what you say in your raps, what you do So they feel it's part of your obligation to fulfill When they see you on the streets, face to face, are you for real? In confrontation, ain't no conversation, if you feel You're in violation, any hesitation'll get you killed If you feel it, kill it; if you conceal it, reveal it Being reasonable'll leave you full of bullets, pull it Squeeze it 'til it's empty; tempt me, push me, pussies I need a good reason to give this trigger a good squeeze  [Chorus] (I'm a soldier) These shoulders hold up so much They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up (I'm a soldier) Even if my collarbones crush or crumble I will never slip or stumble (I'm a soldier) These shoulders hold up so much They won't budge, I'll never fall or fold up (I'm a soldier) Even if my collarbones crush or crumble I will never stumble "}, "Say Goodbye HollywoodLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Chorus] Sayin', \"Goodbye\", sayin', \"Goodbye\" to Hollywood Sayin', \"Goodbye\", sayin', \"Goodbye\" to Hollywood Sayin', \"Goodbye\", sayin', \"Goodbye\" to Hollywood Sayin', \"Goodbye\", sayin', \"Goodbye\" to Hollywood (Hollywood, why do I feel this way?) Sayin', \"Goodbye\", sayin', \"Goodbye\" to Hollywood Sayin', \"Goodbye\", sayin', \"Goodbye\" to Hollywood Sayin', \"Goodbye\", sayin', \"Goodbye\" to Hollywood Sayin', \"Goodbye\", sayin', \"Goodbye\" to Hollywood  [Verse 1] I thought I had it all figured out, I did I thought I was tough enough to stick it out with Kim But I wasn't tough enough to juggle two things at once I found myself layin' on my knees in cuffs Which should've been a reason enough for me to get my stuff And just leave, how come I couldn't see this shit myself? It's just me, nobody couldn't see the shit I felt Knowin' damn well she wasn't gonna be there when I fell To catch me; the minute shit was heated, she just bailed I'm standin' here swingin' on like thirty people by myself I couldn't even see the millimeter when it fell Turned around, saw Gary stashin' the heater in his belt Saw the bouncers rush him and beat him to the ground I just sold two million records, I don't need to go to jail I'm not about to lose my freedom over no female I need to slow down, try to get my feet on solid ground So for now\u2014 "}, "Drips (Ft.\u00a0Obie\u00a0Trice)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem & Obie Trice] Obie, yo I'm sick Damn, you straight, dog?  [Chorus: Eminem & Obie Trice] That's why I ain't got no time (I think I got chlamydia) For these games and stupid tricks Or these bitches (Bitch!) on my dick That's how dudes be gettin' sick (That bitch!) That's how dicks be gettin' drips Fallin' victims to this shit From these bitches on our dicks Fuckin' chickens with no ribs That's why I ain't got no time  [Verse 1: Obie Trice] Yo, I woke up, fucked up off the liquor I drunk (Damn!) I had a bag of the skunk, won in last night's tunk Pussy residue was on my penis, Denise from the cleaner's Fucked me good, you shoulda seen this Big booty bitch, switch unbearable (Shit!) French roll stylin', body like a stallion Sizin' up the figure, while my shit gettin' bigger Debatin' on a fuck or do I wanna be her nigga? Caressin' this bitch, plus I'm checkin' out them tits (Damn!) Sippin' on that fine shit, I ain't used to buyin' I gotta hit it from behind, it's mandatory Like takin' hoes' money, but that's another story For surely pussy on toast, after we toast Her clothes fell like Bishop in Juice (C'mere) The womb beater, clean pussy eater, insertin' my jock In that spot hotter than the hottest block \"Don't stop!\"\u2014response I got when I was knockin' it Clock's steady tickin', kinky finger-lickin' And can on, semen's at my tip when she moans I gotta slow down before I cum soon And work that nigga like a slave owner (Yeah) When I dropped off my outfit, she knew I wanted to bone her She foamin' at them lips, the ones between the hips Pubic hair's lookin' like some sour cream dip Without the nacho, my dick hit the spot though Pussy tighter than conditions of us black folks We in the final stretch (C'mere), the last part of sex I bust a fat-ass nut, then I woke up next (Holy) Like, what the fuck is goin' on here? (Shit!) This bitch evaporated Pussy and all just picked up and vacated And now I'm frustrated, 'cause my dick was unprotected (Damn!) And doctor Wesley tellin' me I really got that shit (Fuck!) "}, "Without MeLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Obie Trice] Obie Trice, real name, no gimmicks Ra\u2014, *record scratch*  [Refrain 1: Eminem] Two trailer-park girls go round the outside Round the outside, round the outside Two trailer-park girls go round the outside Round the outside, round the outside Woo! (Ooh, ooh)  [Refrain 2: Eminem] Guess who's back, back again? Shady's back, tell a friend Guess who's back? Guess who's back? Guess who's back? Guess who's back? Guess who's back? Guess who's back? Guess who's back? (Da-da-da, da, da, da, da, da, da) (Da-da-da, da, da, da, da)  [Verse 1: Eminem] I've created a monster 'Cause nobody wants to see Marshall no more, they want Shady, I'm chopped liver Well, if you want Shady, this is what I'll give ya A little bit of weed mixed with some hard liquor Some vodka that'll jump-start my heart quicker Than a shock when I get shocked at the hospital By the doctor when I'm not cooperating When I'm rockin' the table while he's operating (Hey!) You waited this long, now stop debating 'Cause I'm back, I'm on the rag and ovulating I know that you got a job, Ms. Cheney But your husband's heart problem's complicating So the FCC won't let me be Or let me be me, so let me see They tried to shut me down on MTV But it feels so empty without me So come on and dip, bum on your lips Fuck that, cum on your lips and some on your tits And get ready, 'cause this shit's about to get heavy I just settled all my lawsuits (Fuck you, Debbie!) "}, "Paul Rosenberg (Skit) [2002] (Ft.\u00a0Paul\u00a0Rosenberg)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Skit: Paul Rosenberg] Em, it's Paul, listen Joel just called me and he told me you're in the fucking back behind his studio, shooting your gun off in the air like it's a shooting range I told you not to fucking bring your gun around like an idiot, outside of your home, you're gonna get yourself in trouble Don't bring your gun outside of your home, you can't carry it on you Leave your fuckin' gun at home!"}, "Sing for the MomentLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1: Eminem] These ideas are nightmares to white parents Whose worst fear is a child with dyed hair and who likes earrings Like whatever they say has no bearing It's so scary in a house that allows no swearing To see him walkin' around with his headphones blarin' Alone in his own zone, cold and he don't care, he's A problem child, and what bothers him all comes out When he talks about his fuckin' dad walkin' out (Bitch!) 'Cause he hates him so bad that he blocks him out If he ever saw him again he'd probably knock him out His thoughts are wacked, he's mad so he's talkin' back Talkin' black, brainwashed from rock and rap He sags his pants, do-rags and a stockin' cap His stepfather hit him so he socked him back And broke his nose, his house is a broken home There's no control, he just lets his emotions go  [Chorus: Steven Tyler & Eminem] (Come on!) Sing with me (Sing!), sing for the year (Sing it!) Sing for the laughter and sing for the tear (Come on!) Sing it with me, it's just for today Maybe tomorrow the good Lord will take you away  [Verse 2: Eminem] Entertainment is changin', intertwinin' with gangsters In the land of the killers, a sinner's mind is a sanctum Holy or unholy, only have one homie Only this gun, lonely \u2018cause don't anyone know me Yet everybody just feels like they can relate (Huh-uh) I guess words are a motherfucker, they can be great Or they can degrade, or even worse, they can teach hate It's like these kids hang on every single statement we make Like they worship us, plus all the stores ship us platinum Now how the fuck did this metamorphosis happen? From standin' on corners and porches just rappin' To havin' a fortune, no more kissin' ass But then these critics crucify you (Yep), journalists try to burn you Fans turn on you, attorneys all want a turn at you To get they hands on every dime you have They want you to lose your mind every time you mad So they can try to make you out to look like a loose cannon Any dispute won't hesitate to produce handguns That's why these prosecutors wanna convict me Strictly just to get me off of these streets quickly But all they kids be listenin' to me religiously So I'm signin' CDs while police fingerprint me They're for the judge's daughter, but his grudge is against me If I'm such a fuckin' menace, this shit doesn't make sense, B It's all political, if my music is literal And I'm a criminal, how the fuck can I raise a little girl? I couldn't, I wouldn't be fit to You're full of shit too, Guerrera, that was a fist that hit you! (Bitch!) "}, "Superman (Ft.\u00a0Dina\u00a0Rae)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem & Dina Rae] Mhmmm *inhales* You high, baby? Yeah, hahahaha Yeah? Talk to me You want me to tell you something? Uh-huh I know what you wanna hear  [Refrain: Eminem & Dina Rae] 'Cause I know you want me, baby, I think I want you too I think I love you, baby, I think I love you too (Oh-ooh) I'm here to save you, girl, come be in Shady's world (Ooh-ooh, ooh) I wanna grow together, let's let our love unfurl You know you want me, baby, you know I want you too They call me Superman, I'm here to rescue you I wanna save you, girl, come be in Shady's world (Ooh-ooh) Oh boy, you drive me crazy, bitch, you make me hurl  [Verse 1: Eminem] They call me Superman Leap tall hoes in a single bound I'm single now: got no ring on this finger now I'd never let another chick bring me down In a relationship; save it, bitch! Babysit? You make me sick Superman ain't savin' shit Girl, you can jump on Shady's dick Straight from the hip, cut to the chase I tell a muhfuckin' slut to her face Play no games, say no names Ever since I broke up with what's-her-face I'm a different man, kiss my ass Kiss my lips? Bitch, why ask? Kiss my dick, get my cash? I'd rather have you whip my ass Don't put out? I'll put you out Won't get out? I'll push you out Puss blew out, poppin' shit Wouldn't piss on fire to put you out Am I too nice? Buy you ice? Bitch, if you died, wouldn't buy you life What, you tryin' to be my new wife? What, you Mariah? Fly through twice "}, "Hailie's SongLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Da-da-da-da Yo, I can't sing, but I feel like singing I wanna fuckin' sing 'Cause I'm happy Yeah, I'm happy Haha I got my baby back Yo, check it out  [Verse 1] Some days I sit (Sit), starin' out the window ('Dow) Watchin' this world pass me by Sometimes I think (Think), there's nothin' to live for (For) I almost break down and cry, sometimes I think I'm crazy I'm crazy, oh so crazy! Why am I here? Am I just wastin' my time?  [Pre-Chorus] But then I see my baby, suddenly I'm not crazy It all makes sense when I look into her eyes, oh no  [Chorus] 'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders (Fuck, I was scared) Everyone's leanin' on me 'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over But then she comes back to me "}, "Steve Berman (Skit) [2002] (Ft.\u00a0Steve\u00a0Berman)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Skit: Eminem, Steve Berman]  [\"Ain't Nuttin' But Music\" by D12 plays in the background]  \"This motherfucker, man...\" [Eminem knocks the door.] [Eminem sighs and the door opens.]  \"It's ridiculous, I can't believe it!\u2014Oh, hold on a minute. Em...\" \"What up?\" \"Have a seat. Dre, I'll call you back.\" [Steve hangs up the phone.] \"What now?\" \"I don't even know where to start...\" \"Okay...?\" \"I got the album from upstairs...\" \"And...\" \"And this, is by far, the most...\" [Eminem cocks a gun and shoots at Steve.] \"...incredible thing... I've ever... heard...\""}, "When the Music Stops (Ft.\u00a0D12)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Bizarre] Music, reality: sometimes it's hard to tell the difference But we as entertainers have a responsibility to these kids Psych!  [Verse 1: Eminem] If I were to die, murdered in cold blood tomorrow Would you feel sorrow, show love, or would it matter? Could never be the lead-off batter If there ain't shit for me to feed off, I'm see-saw battlin' But there's way too much at stake for me to be fake There's too much on my plate I done came way too far in this game to turn and walk away And not say what I got to say What the fuck you take me for, a joke? You smokin' crack? 'Fore I do that, I'd beg Mariah to take me back I'll get up 'fore I get down, run myself in the ground 'Fore I put some wack shit out I'm tryna smack this one out the park, five-thousand mark Y'all steady tryna drown a shark Ain't gon' do nothin' but piss me off Lid to the can of whip-ass, just twist me off See me leap out, pull a piece out Fuck shootin', I'm just tryna knock his teeth out Fuck with me now, bitch, let's see you freestyle Talk is cheap Motherfucker, if you really feelin' froggish, leap \"Yo, Slim, you gon' let him get away with that? He tried to play you, you can't let him escape with that\" Man, I hate this crap This ain't rap, this is crazy, the way we act When we confuse hip-hop with real life when the music stops "}, "Say What You Say (Ft.\u00a0Dr.\u00a0Dre)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem & Dr. Dre] Heh, so I'm out the game, huh? (Huh, huh) Yo, Dre, we ridin'? Whatever (Ha-ha) Well, I'm wit' ya, homie Okay, let's handle the small shit  [Verse 1: Eminem & Dr. Dre] I was born to brew up storms, stir up shit Kick up dust, cuss 'til I slur up spit Grew up too quick, went through too much, knew too much shit Corrupt, and I'ma pour it on like syrup, bitch Thick and rich, sick and twisted, Mr. Buttersworth Dre told me to milk this shit for what it's worth 'Til the cow just tilts and tips and stumbles to Earth And if I fumble a verse, keep goin' First take I make mistakes, just keep it No punches pull, no punches, that's weak shit Fake shit, if I ever take shit, I'll eat shit Wasn't for him, wouldn't be shit Creep with me as we take a little trip down memory lane Been here longer than anyone in the game And I ain't got to lie about my age But what about Jermaine? Fuck Jermaine! He don't belong speakin' mine or Timbaland's name And don't think I don't read your little interviews and see what you're sayin' I'm a giant, and I ain't gotta move 'til I'm provoked When I see you, I'ma step on you and not even know it You midget, mini-me with a bunch of little mini-yous Runnin' around your backyard swimming pools Over eighty million records sold And I ain't have to do it with ten- or eleven-year-olds "}, "'Till I Collapse (Ft.\u00a0Nate\u00a0Dogg)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] (Yo, left, yo, left) 'Cause sometimes you just feel tired (Yo, left, right, left) Feel weak, and when you feel weak (Yo, left, yo, left) You feel like you wanna just give up (Yo, left, right, left) But you gotta search within you (Yo, left, yo, left) Try to find that inner strength and just pull that shit out of you (Yo, left, right, left) And get that motivation to not give up (Yo, left, yo, left) And not be a quitter (Yo, left, right, left) No matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse  [Verse 1: Eminem] 'Til I collapse, I'm spillin' these raps long as you feel 'em 'Til the day that I drop, you'll never say that I'm not killin' 'em 'Cause when I am not, then I'ma stop pennin' 'em And I am not hip-hop and I'm just not Eminem Subliminal thoughts, when I'ma stop sendin' 'em? Women are caught in webs, spin 'em and hock venom Adrenaline shots of penicillin could not get the illin' to stop Amoxicillin's just not real enough The criminal, cop-killin', hip-hop villain A minimal swap to cop millions of Pac listeners You're comin' with me, feel it or not You're gonna fear it like I showed ya the spirit of God lives in us You hear it a lot, lyrics to shock Is it a miracle or am I just product of pop fizzin' up? Fa' shizzle, my wizzle, this is the plot, listen up You bizzles forgot, Slizzle does not give a fuck "}, "My Dad's Gone Crazy (Ft.\u00a0Hailie\u00a0Jade)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "*Television static* *Eminem begins to snort cocaine*  [Speech: Steve King & Hailie Jade] Hello, boys and girls! Today we're gonna talk about father and daughter relationships. Do you have a daddy? I'll bet you do! *Hailie opens the door* *Eminem snorts cocaine* Who's your daddy? Daddy, what are you doing?  [Intro: Eminem & Hailie Jade] Ha-ha! Okay then! Everybody, listen up! I'm goin' to hell! Who's comin' with me? Somebody, please help him! I think my dad's gone crazy!  [Verse 1: Eminem, Hailie Jade & Dr. Dre] There's no mountain I can't climb There's no tower too high, no plane that I can't learn how to fly What do I gotta do to get through to you To show you there ain't nothin' I can't take this chainsaw to? (Rahhnnn!) Fuckin' brains, brawn and brass balls I cut 'em off and got 'em pickled and bronzed in a glass jar Inside of a hall, with my framed autographed sunglasses With Elton John's name on my drag wall I'm out the closet, I've been lyin' my ass off All this time, me and Dre been fuckin' with hats off (Suck it, Marshall!) So tell Laura and her husband to back off 'Fore I push this motherfuckin' button and blast off And launch one of these Russians, and that's all Blow every fuckin' thing except Afghanistan on the map off When will it stop? When will I knock the crap off? (*Knocking*) Hailie, tell 'em, baby! (My dad's lost it!) "}, "Curtains Close (Skit)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Footsteps]  [Spoken: Ken Kaniff] Ehh, is this thing on? Where'd everybody go? Guess who's back? Back again Ken is back, tell some men Rub my back, rub my back, rub my back, rub my back Eh... Wait, hello? Goodnight"}}, "Relapse": {"Dr. West (Skit) (Ft.\u00a0Dominic\u00a0West)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Skit: Dr. West & Eminem] Morning, Marshall Morning, doc So we're discharging you today, how are you feeling? Ah, anxious Anxiety? Well, anxious to get home, anxious to get back into the world, nervous Nervous? C'mon, Marshall, you're a big boy now You're sounding like a bit of a baby, you can do this You found a sponsor yet? Um, not yet, but I mean, when I get back Well, if you find one, you find one, if you don't, you don't Well, yeah, I mean I gotta start going to meetings first and Wait, what? Well, I mean you don't absolutely have to go to meetings I mean it's not like, a requirement If they fit into your schedule, I know you're a busy person Well, yeah, but I thought sobriety was the most important thing? So what else are you thinking? Um, well, I know I gotta start practicing the steps, and I mean, learn 'em, and start being able to apply 'em The steps? Yeah, the steps There's a lot of them, aren't there? Well, 12, but\u2013 Christ, I don't even know them all Really? Anything else? Um, well, I mean the only other question I have is, like What do I do if I find myself in a situation where Maybe somebody is drinking around me or something like that And I get tempted to\u2014 Take a drink What? Take a drink, and y'know, take the edge off Take the edge off? Man, if I have a drink I already know what that's gonna lead me to What, you mean these? *shakes pills* Man, what the fuck?! Marshall, what's the matter, darling? Having some doubts, are we? Marshall, you can't leave me, you'll never leave me, Marshall We'll always be together, Marshall, Marshall? Marshall! Oh no, no, no! Come on, man! Oh, fuck you, man! No, no, no, NO! *Alarm beeps* Oh, shit!"}, "3 a.m.Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Oh-oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh (Yeah, yeah, yeah) Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah-yeah) Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh-oh (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah-yeah) Oh, oh! (Yeah, yeah) There is no escaping (Yo) There's no place to hide (Ayo) You scream, \"Someone save me\" (Yo) But they don't pay no mind (Ayo) Goodnight, goodbye  [Verse 1] You're walkin' down a horror corridor It's almost four in the mornin' and you're in a Nightmare, it's horrible, right there's the coroner Waiting for ya to turn the corner so he can corner ya You're a goner, he's onto ya Out the corner of his cornea, he just saw ya run All you want is to rest 'cause you can't run anymore, you're done All he wants is to kill you in front of an audience While everybody is watching in the party, applauding it Here I sit, while I'm caught up in deep thought again Contemplating my next plot again Swallowin' a Klonopinwhile I'm noddin' in and out on the ottoman At the Ramada Inn,holding onto the pill bottle, then Lick my finger and swirl it 'round the bottom And make sure I got all of it Wake up naked at McDonald's with Blood all over me, dead bodies behind the counter, shit Guess I must've just blacked out again\u2014not again "}, "My MomLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Okay! Alright, a'ight, a'ight, a'ight, a'ight (Yo, yo) Yo, yo Alright, I'ma lay the chorus first Here we go now!  [Chorus] My mom loved Valium and lots of drugs That's why I am like I am 'cause I'm like her Because my mom loved Valium and lots of drugs That's why I'm on what I'm on 'cause I'm my mom!  [Verse 1] \u201cMy mom, my mom\u201d, I know you're probably tired Of hearin' 'bout my mom, oh-ho, whoa-ho But this is just a story of when I was just a shorty And how I became hooked on Va-aliu-um Valium was in everything, food that I ate The water that I drank, fuckin' peas in my plate She sprinkled just enough of it to season my steak So every day I'd have at least three stomachaches Now tell me, what kind of mother would want to see her Son grow up to be an undera-fuckin'-chiever? My teacher didn't think I was gonna be nothin' either \"What the fuck you stickin' gum up under the fuckin' seat for?\" \"Mrs. Mathers, your son has been huffin' ether Either that or the motherfucker's been puffin' reefer\" But all this huffin' and puffin' wasn't what it was either It was neither, I was buzzin' but it wasn't what she thought Pee in a teacup? Bitch, you ain't my keeper, I'm sleepin' What the fuck you keep on fuckin' with me for? Slut, you need to leave me the fuck alone, I ain't playin' Go find you a white crayon and color a fuckin' zebra! "}, "InsaneLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Produced by Dr. Dre]  [Verse 1] I was born with a dick in my brain \u2014 yeah, fucked in the head My stepfather said that I sucked in the bed 'Til one night, he snuck in and said \"We're going out back, I want my dick sucked in the shed\" Can't we just play with Teddy Ruxpin instead? \"After I fuck you in the butt, get some head, bust a nut, get some rest\" The next day, my mother said \"I don't know what the fuck's up with this kid! The bastard won't even eat nothing, he's fed He just hung himself in the bedroom, he's dead!\" \"Debbie, don't let that fucker get you upset Go in there, stick a fuckin' cigarette to his neck I'll bet you he's fakin' it, I'll bet you I bet he probably just wants to see how upset you would get I'll go handle this, of course, unless you object?\" \"Aw, go fuck his brains out if any's left in his head!\"  [Chorus] If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? No! He's insane! If you could count the skeletons in my closet Under my bed and up under my faucet Then you would know I've completely lost it Is he nuts? No! He's insane! "}, "Bagpipes From BaghdadLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Oh, it's music to my ears, oh, man How can I describe the way I feel? Fucking great, man Okay, let me see How could I begin?  [Verse 1] Locked in Mariah's wine cellar, all I had for lunch Was bread, wine, more bread, wine and Captain Crunch Red wine for breakfast and for brunch And to soak it up, an in-between snack, crackers to munch Mariah, what's ever happened to us? Why did we have to break up? All I asked for was a glass of punch You see, I never really asked for much, I can't imagine what's Going through your mind after such A nasty break-up with that Latin hunk Luis Miguel, Nick Cannon, better back the fuck Up, I'm not playin', I want her back, you punk This is Hello Kitty bedspread, Satin Funk Mixed with Egyptian, with a little rap and punk Zapp and Eric Clapton, Shaft, Frank Zappa, crunk And, yeah, baby, I want another crack at ya You can beat me with any spatula that you want I mean, I really want you bad, you cunt Nick, you had your fun, I've come to kick you in your sack of junk Man, I could use a fresh batch of blood So prepare your vernacular for Dracula acupuncture "}, "HelloLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Refrain] Hello (Hello) Allow me to introduce myself (Myself) My name is Shady It's so nice to meet you (It's so nice to meet you) It's been a long time (Long time) I'm sorry I've been away so long (So long) My name is Shady I never meant to leave you (I never meant to leave you) Yeah  [Verse 1] You see that chick in the gym, checking me out? Any second I'm 'bout to stick her neck in my mouth I lose a pill and I'm recklessly wreckin' the house That was supposed to be breakfast, where the heck is it now? There's the necklace I lost, right next to Stephanie's blouse Man, I should check to see if my mom left any out Nope, guess I'll re-route Maybe somewhere in the depths of the couch Oh, jackpot, yeah\u2014open sesame, mouth Down the hatch, and the feeling\u2014you can't match it I rap-tat-tap on your door with a damn ratchet Attack-tack-tacking a whore with a damn hatchet A knapsack packed with like forty-some Xanaxes Shorty, come back, I'm tryna score me some lapdances I'm 'bout to relapse, so, baby, pour me some Jack Daniel's Formula 44D and 40s with bad capsules The bad apple spoils the bunch, I'm back at ya "}, "Tonya (Skit)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Tonya] Hey! Hey, stop, hey. Please stop, fuck, stop! Thank God you stopped Fuck, my fucking OnStar isn't working I left my fucking phone at home! God, I've been standing out here for like, an hour I'm soaking wet, freezing Thank you so much. Really, you're a life-saver, uh What are you doing? Fucking! Get away from me! What the fuck! Fucking asshole! Get away from me, you motherfucker! Get away! Get away, you fucking freak! Get away from me! Goddammit, fuck! Help me!"}, "Same Song & DanceLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Yeah Same song and dance Damn, girl, everywhere I go Same song and dance I like the way you move, all over the globe Same song and dance Something about it, man Same song and dance In the pale moonlight (Yo)  [Verse 1] I'm lookin' at ya, yeah, girl, you're kinda tooken back by The whole rapper thing, aren't ya? Probably thinking you'll get slapped so dang hard, ya Won't even be able to stand up straight, aren't ya? Couple rape charges, people think you're a monster The police constantly bugging you non-stop I walk up on ya, \u201cWell, hello, Tonya I think you got your OnStar button inside your car stuck You out of gas? Do you got a flat? I would hate for you to be stranded at the laundromat I got your back, why don't you put your laundry baskets in the back And sit up front? I'm not asking, it's a trap You just got jacked and body snatched, and it's a wrap In broad day, and no mask for this attack I heard 'em say, 'Exact opposites attract' If that's a fact, it'll take task force to get you back, come on\" "}, "We Made YouLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Guess who? D'you miss me? Jessica Simpson, sing the chorus!  [Chorus: Charmagne Tripp & Eminem] When you walked through the door (Woo!) It was clear to me (Clear to me) You\u2019re the one they adore Who they came to see (Who they came to see) You\u2019re a rock star (Baby) (Yeah) Everybody wants you (Everybody wants you) Player, who can really blame you? (Who can really blame you?) We\u2019re the ones who made you  [Verse 1: Eminem] Ahem, back by popular demand Now pop a little Zantac for antacid if you can You're ready to tackle any task that is at hand? How does it feel? Is it fantastic? Is it grand? Well, look at all the massive masses in the stands \"Shady, man, no, don't massacre the fans!\" Damn, I think Kim Kardashian's a man She stomped him, just \u2018cause he asked to put his hands On her massive gluteus maximus again Squeeze it, then squish it, then pass it to a friend Can he come back as nasty as he can? Yes, he can, Ken, don't ask me this again He does not mean to lesbian offend But, Lindsay, please come back to seeing men Samantha's a two; you're practically a ten I know you want me, girl, in fact, I see you grin Now come in, girl "}, "Medicine BallLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Oh my goodness, what have I done? Oh no, I can't believe it It's like I've got the whole world in my palm And I'm ready to (Drop bombs)  [Verse 1] Welcome to the Slim Shady Mecca, Rebecca It's the village in New York, right next to the Tribeca That's my sector, homosexual dissector Come again, rewind selector I said, \"Nice rectum,\" I had a vi-sectomy Hector So you can't get pregnant if I bisexually wreck ya Hannibal Lecter into guy sex and I bet ya I tantalize ya and in less than five seconds I get ya They say once bitten then twice shy, well I'm next to the guy With nine ecstasy pills and five extra Boxes of ripped condoms in quantities, why yes sir I took the rest of the Lunesta pills from my dresser That's my kind of vibe, what else should I try, Lester? Drop-kick the bitch before her second trimester Perform the home abortion with Dexter, then I guess I'll Dig her fetus out with a wire hanger, then digest her  [Chorus] I guess it's time for you to hate me again Let's begin, now hand me the pen I said, I guess it's time for you to hate me again Let's begin, now hand me the pen How should I begin it and where does it all end? My medicine ball, you're in my medicine ball, friends "}, "Paul (Skit) [2009] (Ft.\u00a0Paul\u00a0Rosenberg)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Skit: Paul Rosenberg] Em? It's Paul Ah, I just listened to the entire album -- You gotta be fucking kidding me! I mean with this Christopher Reeves shit? You know the guy's dead, right? And then the whole gay stepfather incest rape thing? I don't have your back on this one I can't even fuckin' handle it I'm done"}, "Stay Wide AwakeLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Yo, yo, follow me (Follow me) Come with me to the dark side of the force (Force) No man would boldly go to this place The Devil only knows of this world So dark and, oh, so cold, it's, oh, so cold Oh, so cold, oh  [Pre-Chorus] Soon as my flow starts, I compose art like the ghost of Mozart Even though they all say that they're real, I know that most aren't Boy, you think you're clever, don't ya? Girl, you think you're so smart Come with me to another side in a world so cold and so dark  [Chorus] (Stay wide awake) A world so dark, a world so cold A world where only some will go (Stay wide awake) But none return, when will they learn? Where do they go? God only knows (Stay wide awake)  [Verse 1] Fe-fi-fo-fum, I think I smell the scent of a placenta I enter Central Park, it's dark, it's winter in December I see my target, put my car in park, and approach a tender Young girl by the name of Brenda and I pretend to befriend her Sit down beside her like a spider, \"Hi, there girl, you mighta Heard of me before, see, whore, you're the kind of girl that I'd a\u2013 -ssault and rape, then figure why not try to make your pussy wider Fuck you with an umbrella then open it up while the shit's inside ya\" I'm the kind of guy that's mild but I might flip and get a little bit wilder Impregnate a lesbian, yeah, now let's see her have triplets, and I'll di\u2013 -sintegrate them babies as soon as they're out her with formalde\u2013 -hyde and cyanide, girl, you can try and hide, you can try to scream louder No need for no gunpowder, that only takes all the fun out of Murderin', I'd rather go vinn-vinn, and now you see just how the Fuck I do just what I do when I cut right through your scalp, uhh Shit, wait a minute, I mean skull, my knife seems dull, pull another one out, uh "}, "Old Time's Sake (Ft.\u00a0Dr.\u00a0Dre)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Good evening This is your fucking captain speaking We will soon be reaching an altitude of Four million and a half... feet That's eight million miles in the sky Please, undo your seat belt for takeoff (Chhk) You are now free to smoke about the cabin (The cabin) (Chhka)  [Verse 1: Dr. Dre] I'm Dre, from back in the day, from N.W.A, from black and the gray, from Choking a bitch, to smacking her face, from Stacking up bodies, to racking AKs up From racking up hits, to stacking them crates up I'm still hungry, and I'm back with a tapeworm And we're what's happenin' in rap entertainment Me and Shady, as far as competition, faggot, there ain't none  [Verse 2: Eminem] Speak of the Devil, it's attack of the Rain Man Chainsaw in hand, bloodstain on my apron Soon as the blade spun, vrrunn, they run away from Who wanna play dungeon? No one is safe from In search of a brain surgeon, a great one Wait, it ain't funny, man, it's urgent, I need one Two boxes of detergent in a paint gun And an emergency squirt gun to spray A-1 "}, "Must Be the GanjaLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Yeah, ohh, yeah yeah, ohh I feel like dancing, I feel like dancing I smell something in the air that's making me (High) I said, I smell something in the air that's making me high  [Verse 1] Okay, here we go, do-re-mi-fa-so, fa-so-la-ti-da-so Lyrical Roscoe, kick back the Tabasco You motherfuckers must just not know the tick-tock, so Time to show you the most kick-ass flow in the cosmos Picasso with a pick-axe, a sick asshole Tic-tac-toe 'cross your six-pack with X-acto Knives, stranglin' wives with thick lasso Big bags of the grass, Zig-Zags, I'm with the Doc, so You know how that go, skull and the crossbones This is poison to boys and girls who do not know You do not wanna try this at home, my lil' vato This is neither the time nor the place to get macho So crack a six-pack, sit back with some nachos Maybe some popcorn and watch the show and just rock slow It's not what you expected, nor what you thought, so 'Bout time that you wake the fuck up, smell the pot smoke  [Chorus] It must be the ganja, it's the marijuana That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me Whatever's got into me, I don't mind I said it's the ganja, it's the marijuana That's creeping up on me, why I'm so high Maybe it's the Henny that has gotten in me Whatever's got into me, I don't mind "}, "Mr. Mathers (Skit)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Male Medic] Mr. Mathers? Mr. Mathers! Mr. Mathers... Mr. Mathers, can you hear my voice? Okay, he's not responding I'm gonna need an 18 gauge, left AC, right away  [Female Medic] Uh, BP is 90 over palp, respiration's at eight Okay, I'm tubing him  [Male Medic] DMC, this is medic 41  [Voice over radio] Medic 41, this is DMC base, MIC. I'm Betty, go ahead  [Female Medic] He's cold, spike a bag and grab the backboard  [Male Medic] Okay, got it; on three... one, two Let's move"}, "D\u00e9j\u00e0 VuLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Matthew St. Patrick] DMC, we have a mid-thirties male found down, unresponsive Possible overdose, substance unknown Pulse is 60 and thready, respiration is eight He's intubated and we're bagging him now Uh, BP 90 over palp Patient is cool, pale, and diaphoretic Has aspirated, uh, GSC is 3 Will update en route, ETA: ten minutes  [Verse 1: Eminem] As I fall deeper into a manic state I'm a prime candidate for the gene To receive the drug addict trait Blood pressure climbs at a dramatic rate I seem to gravitate to the bottle of NyQuil then I salivate Start off with the NyQuil, like, \"I think I'll just have a taste\" Couple of sips of that then I gradually graduate To a harder prescription drug called Valium like, \"yeah, that's great\" I go to just take one and I end up like having eight Now I need something in my stomach 'cause I haven't ate Maybe I'll grab a plate of nachos and I'll have a steak And you'd think that with all I have at stake Look at my daughter's face \"Mommy, something is wrong with dad I think He's acting weird again, he's really beginning to scare me Won't shave his beard again and he pretends he doesn't hear me And all he does is eat Doritos and Cheetos And he just fell asleep in his car eating 3 Musketeers in the rear seat, weird\" "}, "BeautifulLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Paul Rodgers] Lately I've been hard to reach I've been too long on my own Everybody has a private world where they can be alone Are you calling me? Are you tryin' to get through? Are you reaching out for me? I'm reaching out for you  [Verse 1: Eminem] I'm just so fucking depressed I just can't seem to get out this slump If I could just get over this hump But I need something to pull me out this dump I took my bruises, took my lumps Fell down then I got right back up But I need that spark to get psyched back up In order for me to pick the mic back up I don't know how or why or when I ended up in this position I'm in I'm starting to feel distant again So I decided just to pick this pen Up and try to make an attempt To vent, but I just can't admit Or come to grips with the fact that I may be done with rap, I need a new outlet And I know some shit's so hard to swallow But I just can't sit back and wallow In my own sorrow, but I know one fact: I'll be one tough act to follow One tough act to follow I'll be one tough act to follow Here today, gone tomorrow But you'd have to walk a thousand miles\u2014 "}, "Crack a Bottle by\u00a0Eminem,\u00a0Dr. Dre & 50 CentLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem & 50 Cent] Oh! Ladies and gentlemen The moment you've all been waiting for In this corner, weighing 175 pounds With a record of 17 rapes, 400 assaults, and 4 murders The undisputed, most diabolical villain in the world Slim Shady! (Let's go!)  [Chorus: Eminem] So crack a bottle, let your body waddle Don't act like a snobby model, you just hit the lotto Oh-oh, oh-oh, bitches hoppin' in my Tahoe Got one ridin' shotgun and no, not one of 'em got clothes Now, where's the rubbers? Who's got the rubbers? I noticed there's so many of 'em and there's really not that many of us And ladies love us, my posse's kickin' up dust It's on 'til the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk  [Interlude: Eminem] Okay, let's go!  [Verse 1: Eminem] Back with Andre the Giant, Mr. Elephant Tusk Fix your musk, you'll be just another one bit the dust Just one of my mother's sons who got thrown under the bus Kiss my butt, lick fromunda cheese from under my nuts It disgusts me to see the game the way that it looks It's a must, I redeem my name and haters get mushed Bitches lust, man, they love me when I lay in the cut Fisticuffs, the lady give her eighty-some paper cuts Now picture us; it's ridiculous, you curse at the thought 'Cause when I spit the verse the shit gets worse than Worcestershire sauce If I could fit the words, it's picture perfect, works every time Every verse, every line, as simple as nursery rhymes It's elementary, the elephants have entered the room I venture to say we're the center of attention, it's true Not to mention back with a vengeance, so hence the signal Of the bat symbol, the platinum trio's back on you hoes "}, "Steve Berman (Skit) (Ft.\u00a0Steve\u00a0Berman)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Skit: Steve Berman, Eminem & Receptionist]  *\"Old Time's Sake\" by Eminem plays in the background*  Mr. Berman? What? We have Eminem here to see you About fuckin' time! Send him in Steve! Good to see ya, man. Um, hey, I just w\u2013 Well, look who decided to show his face! I hope you've had fun in the last four years! Look man, I apologize again for\u2013 For shooting me?! Do you know I lost the use of my right arm? Again, it was a mistake, a terrible mist\u2013 Are you wearing a bulletproof vest? And then you go and do what? Hide out? Stay in Detroit for almost five years while the music industry melts the fuck down? Do you know how many people lost their jobs because of your fuckin' vacation? Well, that's actually why I'm here: I was gonna put out some new music, and I wanted to play it for you and get your opinion Do I really need to hear it? Let me guess, another album about: \"Poor me! I'm so famous that it's ruined my rich little life and I'm such a tortured artist, let me make music about it and my tragic love life!\" Am I on to something here? Come on, man, it's not like that... You know what? Just hand the fuckin' thing over! I'm done talkin to you! Think you can just come and go as you please, big selfish superstar? Steve, I had a drug problem! \"Oh, poor me! I had a drug problem!\" Who hasn't had a drug problem in this town? You know what? *gun cocks* Hey, hey, hey! Just lay the shit down on my desk and get the fuck out! Whoa, whoa, whoa-whoa, Jesus Christ, man, alright, alright, here, fine... What's this shit? Two CDs? That's what I've been tryin' to tell you, man, there's two albums Just get out! Alright! Get the fuck out! Alright, man, see you later *bottle smashes*"}, "UndergroundLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] A lot of people ask me Where the fuck I've been at the last few years Shit, I don't know But I do know I'm back now Haha  [Chorus] Here comes the rain and thunder now Nowhere to run, to run to now I disappeared, don't wonder how Lookin' for me? I'm underground Here comes the rain and thunder now Nowhere to run, to run to now I disappeared, don't wonder how Lookin' for me? I'm underground  [Verse 1] Dre, I'm down here, under the ground, dig me up! Broken tibias, fibias, yeah, fix me up Sixty sluts, all of them dyin' from asphyxia After they sip piss through a Christopher Reeves sippy cup Dixie cups, toxins, boxes of Oxy pads Enough Oxycontin to send a fuckin' ox to rehab Wack job in the back in a black stocking cap Jackin' off to a hockey mask at a boxing match (He can't say that!) Yes, he can I just did, faggot, now guess again Better text message your next-of-kin Tell 'em shit's about to get extra messy Especially when I flex again And throw a fuckin' lesbian in wet cement Faggoty, faggoty, faggoty! Raggedy Ann and Andy No! Raggedy Andy and Andy No, it can't be, it can't be\u2014yes, it can be The fuckin' Anti-Christ is back, Dante It's Satan in black satin panties This is Amityville, calamity, goddamn it Insanity, pills, fanny pack filled with Xannies Through every nook and cranny, lookin' for trannies Milk and cookies spilled on my silk n\u00e9glig\u00e9e, looky Razor-ba-lades with me to make you ba-leed Cases of Maybelline makeup lay on a table of weed Slim Shady? Shit sounds like a fable to me 'Til he jumps out of the fuckin' toilet when you're takin' a pee "}, "My DarlingLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Yeah, look  [Verse 1: Eminem] If I were to rap about the crap that's out That's the route you probably want me to take \u2018Cause you're just dyin' to know what I think And my take on some other rappers If I was to say somethin' about Paul Wall You'd probably crap in your pants, \u2018cause I'm white and he's white So he's like my competition, I mean, right? Nope! Paul Wall is dope, and so is Bubba So bu-bu-bu-bu-bu-bu-bu-bu-but, I don't compete with nobody I just go hard, do the rope-a-dope Ali shuffle And dance around my opponents, do donuts Sometimes I play possum, like I'm asleep, it's awesome I'm like a sleepin' giant, and when I awake I'm like Dre I just jump from outta nowhere and bite prey And sink my teeth in 'em, and fill 'em Full of poison, and make a noise like a snake before I kill 'em And let 'em know that I just don't feel 'em And smack 'em with the backward E, the Eminem emblem I was taught if you gonna murder somebody you should face him Tell him why, look him dead in the eye, then waste him And the dark shall emerge from the fiery depths of hell Then swallow the shell, all the hollow who dwell In the shadows of all who are willing to sell their souls For this rap game and it g-g-goes One-two-three, chk-chk, one-two-three Chk-chk, one-two-three, that ain't the hook, now follow me There's nothing else for me to say, my public adores me Everybody bores me, they're just so corny So at night before I sleep, I look in the mirror The mirror grows lips and it whispers: \"Come nearer!\" "}, "Careful What You Wish ForLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] \"Breaking news: Detroit rapper Eminem cancels his sold-out European tour to check himself into rehab after admitting an addiction to sleep medication We'll have more on this story as it develops\" \"Shady Records recording artist Obie Trice has apparently survived a gunshot to the head in what appears to be a random drive-by shooting... ....Meanwhile, Eminem is rumored to be...\" \"...The on and off again relationship with...\" \"This just in, a tour bus involving Eminem's ent\u2014\" \"Updating a story we brought you earlier about gunfire at an after-hours club, we've learned that the rapper Proof has been fatally shot...\" \"...Shady/Aftermath recording artist...\" \"...Long-time best friend of Eminem and a member of the rap group D12...\" \"D12, back in the news again today...\" \"Is it a sabbatical or the end? The rumors and speculation continue to swirl around Eminem He insists he's just taking a break, but doubters believe he's retiring, leaving us all to ask, 'Will the real Slim Shady please stand up?'\"  [Verse 1] So this is it, this is what I wished for Just isn't how I envisioned it, fame to the point of imprisonment I just thought the shit'd be different But somethin' changed the minute that I got a whiff of it I started to inhale it, smell it, started sniffin' it And it became my cocaine, I just couldn't quit I just wanted a little bit, then it turned me to a monster I became a hypocrite, concert after concert I was rakin' in the dough, rollin' in green Had the game hemmed up, like a sewin' machine But I was losin' my freedom, there was nowhere for me To not go and be seen, and just go and be me And there was no in-between, you either loved it or hate it Every CD, critics gave it a three, then three Years later they go back and re-rate it And call The Slim Shady LP the greatest The Marshall Mathers was a classic, The Eminem Show was fantastic But Encore just didn't have the caliber to match it I guess enough time just ain't passed yet A couple more years, that shit'll be Illmatic And eight years later, I'm still at it Divorced, re-married, a felon, a father, sleepin' pill addict And this is real talk, I feel like The Incredible Hulk My back has been broke and I can still walk "}}, "Music to Be Murdered By: Side B": {"Alfred (Intro)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Alfred Hitchcock] Thus far, this album has provided musical accompaniment to make your passing pleasant Our next number is designed to drown out the sound of shovels Music to be buried by"}, "Black Magic by\u00a0Eminem\u00a0& Skylar GreyLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Chorus: Skylar Grey & Eminem] Black magic, night walker (Yeah) She haunts me like no other (Feel like) Nobody told me (I don't know) love is pain, oh (I know we just met) Black magic, dark water (But it's like) Surrounds me like no other (It's like I know you better than anyone) She's got my heart in chains  [Verse 1: Eminem] We're volatile, I can't call it, though It's like too large a peg, and too small a hole (Yeah) But she cheats and I catch her like the common cold (Sneeze) Last time, I broke her collar bone, she's intolerabl\u0435 (Yeah) All I know is that the sex is ph\u0435nomenal, though We're an unlikely pair (Yeah) Like two different Nike Airs But I'm the same size she wears (Jordans) So I think we're soulmates though (Yeah) People don't like us together, but like we care (Not me, not me) Yeah, but God strike me dead (Yeah) She knows that I would walk over hot coals For her with both of my feet bare (Yeah) But soon as I ask to hit (Ask to hit) It's like she grabs a switch (Grabs a switch) And turns me over her knee 'Cause my ass is whipped, yeah And I got her back, but I'm spineless (Yeah) So when she stabs me in mine (Yeah) It's like I just can't feel the knife (What?) As she pokes, jabs it, and slices One minute, she'll build me up (Up) The next, she'll push me 'round Probably why she calls me \"dumbbell\" She lifts me up (Yeah), then puts me down (Huh) But I am under her thumbnail I must be under her spell It's like lookin' right into a gun barrel But none of these hoes can fuck with my girl She got that\u2014 "}, "Alfred\u2019s ThemeLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1] Before I check the mic (Check, check, one, two) I give it a extra swipe with a Lysol disinfectant wipe (Good evening) Coronavirus in effect tonight Antiseptics on deck, I got every type (Yeah) I throw on my tux, then I (Yeah) give zero fucks, then I (Yeah) Act like a jockstrap (Uh), cup my nuts, then I (Yeah) Check my ball hair (What?), make sure it's all there (Yeah) Then call the pallbearer (Yeah) It's Music to B\u0435 Murdered By again, why stop? Overkill lik\u0435 a pipe bomb in your pine box You're all hitched to my cock (What?) Went from punchin' a time clock to getting my shot Then treated it like a cyclops Like it's the only one I (Only one eye) got And my thoughts are like nines cocked (Chk-chk) Every line's obscene, pervertedest mind, got the dirtiest rhyme stocked That's why there's parental advising (Visine) every time I drop (Eye drop) So throw on the theme to Alfred, I'll channel him like the Panama Canal But how could I get up in arms about you saying trash is all that I put out? Bitch, I still get the bag when I'm putting garbage out Plus, the potty mouth, I'm not about to wash it out The filthiest, so all this talk about I'm washed up, how preposterous Because if cleanliness is next to godliness It's obvious that it's impossible for me to be beside myself And I'm 'bout that capital like a proper noun Still on top the pile Got me sitting on numbers like a pocket dial Quick to call you out on your bullshit Don't make me give that crock a dial 'Cause if I do it, see you later, alligator Made it out the trailer, then I made a vow to cater to no one So hate, I've gained about the same amount that's in my bank account So here's some more shit for you to complain about, I say the Bars that never slack (Yeah), but always get attacked (Yeah) I think they're gunnin' for me, it's startin' to feel like that Like I'm marked, 'cause when I rap, it's like fallin' on my back in a tar pit 'Cause I have this target on my back (Ew, yuck) But if I ever double-crossed my fans and lost my Stans I'd probably pop five Xans (Yeah) Go in my garage, start my van Inhale as much carbon monoxide and exhaust I can And doze off like *snores* But odds like that, with these thoughts I have's like a giant getting squashed by ants If this is the test of time, I'd pass with flying colors Like I just tossed my crayons (Tossed my crayons) Small, medium, and large size cans Sanitizers of all types, brands, cost nine bands Which is a small price for Lysol wipes and If my palms brush across my pants, I wash my hands "}, "Tone DeafLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Yeah, I'm sorry (Huh?) What did you say? Oh, I can't hear you I have an ear in-fuck-tion and I cunt finger it out (Out), yeah (I need Auto-Tune) Yeah  [Verse 1] It's my alter ego's fault These evil thoughts could be so dark Cerebral palsy, three Zolofts I eat, doze off to \"Rico Suave\" (Look it up) Cadillac with a ladder rack in the back, with a cracked axle, a backpack full of Paxil A black satchel, a knapsack and a flask full of 'gnac and Jack Daniel's Girl, let's go back-back to my castle (Yeah) I don't wanna hassle you, Alexandra But my dick's an acronym 'cause it stands for you (Stands for you, oh) Wait, Alexandra who? (Damn) All I know is Friday, I met you (What?) Saturday, I'll probably forget you Guess that's what the Molly and X do (What the fuck?) 'Cause who the fuck am I laying next to? (Huh) But ever sinc\u0435 D-Nice To Tha Rescue, Fila Fr\u0435sh Crew (Uh) I been a lab rat (Yeah) from a test tube (Uh) I'm goin' in-nn like the red roof (Red Roof Inn) You don't like it, eat a cock 'til your jaw breaks (Yeah) Call it caught between a rock and a hard place Like a sasquatch in a crawlspace 'Cause you're watchin' your heart race like you're Scarface In a car chase with the cops or an arcade Stuck inside of a Mario Kart race duckin' saw blades At a stop and a start pace What I'm tryin' to say is I'm drivin' 'em all crazy "}, "Book of Rhymes (Ft.\u00a0DJ\u00a0Premier)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] I don't smile, I don't frown, get too up or get too down (Nah) I was here, so were you, you came and went, I stuck around (Yeah) Still here now, stop me how? Your opinion's like a broken calculator That shit doesn't count Shut your motherfuckin' mouth  [Chorus] I'm emptyin' (I'm emptyin') my book of rhymes (My book of rhymes) Get 'em all off my pad, every thought that I had I said I'm emptyin' (I'm emptyin') my book of rhymes (My book of rhymes) Get 'em all off my pad (Yeah), every thought that I had (I'm eastside)  [Verse 1] Haven't used all the tricks I have, so like my balls, I'm in my bag (My bag) Get a littl\u0435 teste when I'm mad (I'm mad), sick of wr\u0435stling this iPad (iPad) Unsuccessfully, I might add (Might add) And I know it's best to leave it lie But even I get obsessed with reading everything And let it get the best of me 'til I snap ('Til I snap) But I need to get off the internet (Get off the internet) I need to get on the mic (Get on the mic) You need to get off the internet (Internet) You need to get you a life Why you waste time just to comment on shit? (Comment on shit) Especially shit you don't like (Shit you don't like) Don't like it, don't listen, but don't tell me 'bout your favorite rapper rippin' some shit he didn't write (Shit he didn't write) What happened to Slim? He was no cap with the pen He used to rap like the people his music was for He was exactly like them The dude who used to be poor, why can't he tap into him? Can't use that excuse anymore He's mad at the wind, he's in a nuclear war With a cloud, he's yellin' at it again I talked to your mother, she told me she loved me All she wanna do is just hold me and hug me Wants nobody but me, she showed me the Dougie Can I get a witness like notary public? (Preach) She said, \"Kick some fly shit\" (Fly shit) I said, \"I got wings on my ass\" (Wings on my ass) Told her my dick's a cockpit (Dick's a cockpit) I fly by the seat of my pants (Seat of my pants) Sinful thoughts, this beat is crazy, this shit's retarded This instru's mental (This instru's mental) to mini-bars, incidental charges When did it start? I been cold-hearted in this heart since kindergarten Mental sharpness which makes Slim a walking dentist office, bitch, I invented flossin' Yeah, I used to wonder (I used to wonder) where my next meal's gonna come from (Meal's gonna come from) Now, I just wonder (Now I just wonder) where my next mill's gonna come from (Mill's gonna come from) I cannot have no success (Have no success), unless when I finally make it (Finally make it) I get to remind all the haters (Remind all the haters) who shitted on me when I'm on my way up (I'm on my way) My floor is y'all fool's ceilings If I was you, I would step or find yourself twisted That's how you'll wind up like spiral stairs I will swear on a stack of Bibles I will tear new behinds out of rivals, even your idols, I don't care It's Music to Be Murdered By, so Bon Iver can swallow a fuckin' Ja Rule bobblehead And die slow like Alzheimer's (Ha-ha) Lone sniper, I hold a microphone like a loaded rifle My dome's brighter, all I spit from my skull's fire All that's missing's a motorcycle with the chrome wires, spoke tires And y'all are flow biters, so I don't gotta Explain why they call me your ghostwriter "}, "Favorite Bitch (Ft.\u00a0Ty\u00a0Dolla $ign)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Sly Pyper & Eminem] Nah, for real, you know what I'm sayin'? Like Like music's my first love, right? But what it turned into is like You know, these, these cats got it now, she just like a ho (They ain't doin' like BlackNailz do it) You know what I mean? (Yeah) It's not real (Yeah) Switched it up, then everybody\u2014 Done changed the shit on that damn\u2014 Yeah, everybody done ran through it Mumble rappin' Ain't no more substance in shit Right, right They don't treat it the way it needs to be treated I kinda want that old thing back  [Verse 1: Eminem] Yeah, I was young, I was hungry I was chasin' the bag at twenty-one, I was lucky To find an un\u0435aten fucking (What?) honeybun I forgot about Now I got money fallin' out, fifti\u0435s, hundreds, and twenties (Twenties) And I know nothing is funny 'bout the Manchester bombing But we got something in common (What?), both of us are alarming Foul, disgusting, and awful (Yeah), so repugnant and ugly (Yup) I could give the Boston Marathon a run for its money, yeah And you could say I'm a little bit immature But this type of literature got me a little richer But I get insecure when them other dudes hit on you, girl You're letting 'em fiddle with your clitoris Remember you were my fucking\u2014 "}, "Guns Blazing (Ft.\u00a0Dr.\u00a0Dre & Sly\u00a0Pyper)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Sly Pyper & Dr. Dre] It's time to face the music A stay of execution No more distribution (The fuck you doin'?)  [Chorus: Sly Pyper & Dr. Dre] You did this to me I'm right back on my bullshit, right back out in these streets Just remember that you did this to yourself (Yeah, you did it to yourself) Now you gotta suffer the consequences Back up to bat and swingin' for the fences (Remember that)  [Verse 1: Dr. Dre & Sly Pyper] Let's make one thing clear, here, here, my dear My resolute for this year No pollution, fresh air My solution, long hair with a fat ass, I'm deadass Mile high club 'til I j\u0435t lag Rothstein flow, Casino And you're just like Ging\u0435r, we know Single negro, I don't need your (Double standards and hypocrisy) And that fake handholdin' on Father's Day You a different motherfucker when you're not with me Been sleepin' with the enemy, mockery It's like I'm John F. Kennedy, shots at me Yes, I'm president of debauchery None of that bullshit ever got to me 'Cause your pillow Brillo, ditto Breakin' this shit down little by little I ain't got time for the fuckin' pom-poms Shoulda never let this dog out of that kennel "}, "GnatLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Yeah, yeah, sick (d.a. got that dope)  [Chorus] They say these bars are like COVID (Bars are like COVID; what?) You get 'em right off the bat (You get 'em right off the bat; yeah) Infected with SARS and Corona (Infected with SARS and Corona) Like you took a bite off of that (You took a bite off of that; damn) And it goes from martian to human (From martian to human; yeah) That's how the virus attacks (That's how the virus attacks) They come at me with machine guns (At me with machine guns; brr) Like trying to fight off a gnat  [Verse 1] Still stackin' my chips, hoes Higher than Shaq on his tiptoes Atop the Empire State Buildin' This shit is like child's play, childr\u0435n I will anni-nihilate, kill them I'll fuck around and pile \u0435ight million Dead little juveniles, wait, chill, then I'll await my trial date 'til then (What?) Ain't nothin' you say could ever trump (Nah), mic, pencil get killed (Yeah) If you're hypersensitive, I wasn't referencin' the vice president, chill (Chill) I mean my penmanship at times tends to get ill, violence but with skill That's why I hence when I write ends up with the mic and pencil gettin' killed (Haha, yeah, hold up) And I'm still ride or die for the squad (Yeah) So you know which side that I'm on If a battle line's ever drawn, but if I get involved It'll be like K9's in a brawl But not similar to Mike Vick at all 'Cause even if I don't have a dog in the fight They ain't never gonna get rid of the fight in the dog (Fight in the dog) Got stripes like a tiger, so you might get mauled, a mic in the palms Like claws, I can swing right for your jaw And rip it off with one swipe of the paw Bitch, you still on my dick or nah? (Nah) If I suck, your wife is a straw (Straw) I'm sick and I'm not gonna cover my mouth next time that I cough 'cause "}, "HigherLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Yeah You know, I've been around for a while now Not sure if I have much left to prove Yeah I do, haha  [Verse 1: Eminem] I look at me now, I'm thinkin', \"Damn\" How proud of me I am What I did is nothin' to sneeze at Even if your allergies are bad I'm up in a balcony in France I look around, I see the fans How they surround me in the stands Probably could drown in a sea of hands They're hollerin', \"Shady\" (\"Shady\") Yelling it out to me and that's what I mean when I say That one day someway, somehow, if I get the chance to get a crowd I'd flip it around and have a crowd give me the chants (I've done it all, man) But in actuality, I haven't, yet  [Chorus: Sly Pyper & Eminem, Sly Pyper] Where am I supposed to go from here? (Woah-oh-oh) Hey Really I have no idea (All) All I know is every time I think I hit my ceiling (Yeah, oh) I go higher than I've ever fuckin' been (My only question is) Where am I supposed to go from here? (Woah-oh-oh) Hey Really I have no idea (All I know is, all) All I know is every time I think I hit my ceiling (Yeah, oh) I go higher than I've ever fuckin' been "}, "These Demons (Ft.\u00a0\u200bMAJ)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Yeah, you know what? (Loud Pack) Haters are funny, man (Haha) It's like, you're gonna hate it no matter what it is Yet you still click on it (Zombie on the track), huh, yeah  [Verse 1: Eminem] I want you to change, but don't change (Yeah) I want you to grow up, but don't age I want the rage, but don't get too angry I want the new, but old Shady I want you to say what they won't say (Yeah) Just don't go too far, but go cray I want you to almost lose it, man They keep movin' the goalpost, don't they? So let's cut to the chase like OJ In his Bronco goin' up the roadway (Skrrt) And get off my dick If I said my balls were yarn, you bitches would crochet (Haha) All I ever wanted's a rope chain From the day I saw Cool J on Soul Train Now I got that Kangol, two cables (Haha) One yellow and white gold plated Just to let 'em know I made it  [Chorus: MAJ & Eminem] I told my dawgs we gon' get right in a year (Yeah), yeah, yeah What did it cost? Now I get gone in the Lear (Woo), yeah, yeah Still have all these demons comin' for my neck, yeah, yeah I ain't never comin' down, yeah, yeah (Yo) "}, "Key (Skit)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Haha, hold up What is that? Oh  [Verse] Is that a key in my pocket or am I just happy to see The hot chicks that are here for me and only me? 'Cause I am the cuz, the cuz meaning cousin Meaning stemming back to bro 'Cause, bro, I'm the dude And the dude gets all the chicks Chicks is all that thine getteth 'Cause that's all I needeth is the chickeths The chickadees runningeth about And you'd be lucky to get my seconds Leftover hot chicks  [Outro] Hahaha Fucking stupid"}, "She Loves MeLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] She loves me, she loves my knot Not for who I am, but what I got, yeah And I don't wanna blow up her spot But da-na-na, na-na, da-naa (Woo)  [Verse 1] Lady, I been watchin' you from the back every time that you walk past Hate to put you on blast but you got a bomb ass (Yeah) Been checkin' you out ever since the second you Stepped in through Naunie's dressing room, girl, you're stunning, I'd bet that you'd Zap me if I was next to you, sparks'll fly, I expect 'em to I'd be shocked if they didn't, 'cause you're Carmen Electra-cute (Cutie) And those ain't just sound effects I knew something was special soon as we swapped info, I knew that  [Chorus] She loves me, she loves me not For who I am, but what I got But she loves me, she loves me not (Aha) She loves me (One more time) I said, 'cause she loves me (She loves me), she loves me not For who I am (She loves me), but what I got But she loves me, she loves me not She loves me "}, "KillerLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] (Killer) Yeah, it's crazy, I'm a (Killer) Made all this money from doin' this (D.A. got that dope)  [Chorus] Now count it, five, ten, yeah, fifteen, twenty Twenty-five, thirty, yeah, get the money Throw it in the furnace, yeah, this shit be funny Earn it just to burn it, swag drippin' from me  [Verse 1] That's what I do with money, got money up the ass Call it toilet paper, yeah, flush with cash Girl, nice butt, is it up for grabs? Just wanna touch your ass, is that too much to ask? Yeah I made a grip, I know it's tough to grasp, get the bag Call it potato chips, I stuff in duffel bags On some public transportation shit, 'cause I will bus' your ass Fuck the chain, I'm off the trailer hitch, I got a bunch of swag  [Chorus] Now count it, five, ten, yeah, fifteen, twenty Twenty-five, thirty, yeah, get the money Throw it in the furnace, yeah, this shit be funny Earn it just to burn it, swag drippin' from me Yeah, I'm a (Killer) "}, "Zeus (Ft.\u00a0White\u00a0Gold)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1: Eminem] She says I am trash, but she listens to Tekashi (Damn) Bitch, you lost me (Yeah) Fair weather, wishy-washy She thinks machine washed me (What?) Swear to God, man, her favorite rapper wish he'd cross me (Yeah) I love conflict, got a obnoxious (What?) subconscious (Yeah) I'm afraid to unlock it (Nah) Keep those monsters in the closet I'm what an idiotic ('Otic) savant is (Savant is) But I've been throwin' down gauntlets since that underground Rawkus (Yeah) Where I planted my roots (What? Yeah) That's how I had a whole planet that roots for me As in the group, and no one thinks dark as I think (Nah) So imagine the havoc these black thoughts are to wreak (Tariq) As in Trotter, I keep slaughterin' beats Shout out to Beatminerz and T-Minus But, me, long as I breathe, promise to be honest And wholeheartedly, apologies, Rihanna For that song that leaked, I'm sorry, Ri It wasn't meant to cause you grief Regardless, it was wrong of me, but  [Chorus: White Gold & Eminem] I be on my own (Yeah), head up in the clouds like Zeus When they say, \"You ain't the GOAT\", I come down like, \"Who?\" But I got my head in the clouds like Zeus Swear I can see the game from a bird's-eye view, ayy Bitch, you talkin' to a rap god, ayy Girl, you talkin' to a monsta, ayy You could give your whole damn life to the music thing They gon' turn around like they don't love you "}, "Thus Far (Interlude)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Interlude: Alfred Hitchcock] Perhaps I should mention that we have decided that this The flip, or \"homicide,\" is a little special A little too macabre for the squeamish Therefore, we have labeled it\u2014"}, "DiscombobulatedLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Oh, ayo, Dre I'm discombobulated Let's take 'em back (Accents) In time (Everything's all fucked up) I'm discombobulated, discombobulated Miss, you ovulating? Wait, I didn't mean to Piss you off, my lady, what I really meant to say is It goes a little something like this  [Verse 1] Soon as I'm through with the Unisom I'ma hit the snooze alarm Before I lose my mind, who am I gonna use it on? Utilizing this tool, I will execute a line Like what I tried to do one time in my youth when I euthanized My poodle in junior high, used to hide in my room and fly To the moon and try suicide with the glue from my school supplies Then Proof, Denaun Eye-Kyu and I would climb in that hooptie to ride to 'Drew's and rhyme Bodied Saint Andrew's Hall too many times to count Before I tear up The Shelter, give my dawgs a pound Now I'm 'bout to treat all of you rappers' noggins how Dre does every time he goes back to Compton now 'Cause every so often I'll visit my old stomping grounds And Doc's in the house, so you know the bong is out Room is spinning like nine-hundred-thousand miles an hour Forgot what I'm talkin' 'bout, fuck, I'm discombobulated "}, "Premonition (Intro)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Yeah So I guess this is what it is, huh? Think it's obvious We ain't never gonna see\u2005eye\u2005to eye But it's\u2005funny As much as I hate you I\u2005need you This is music to be murdered by  [Chorus: Nikki Grier] Got a premonition I feel the end is near The beauty starts to fade The joy has turned to pain I hear the symphony playin' Ten thousand violins Souls floating away like feathers in the wind  [Verse: Eminem] They said my last album I sounded bitter No, I sound like a spitter Who ninety percent of These hypocrites are tryna get rid of But why would I get a chip on my shoulder? I was considered, one time, as the illest Bitch, I'm still as fly as your zipper True, I just get richer But if it was ever all about skrilla Then I woulda quit a long motherfucking time ago Bitch, shut the fuck up I should go say that shit to Tech N9ne or to Jigga Nobody said shit about 2 Chainz as long as he's been here, shit No wonder you're mad, now I'm Looking at them plaques, count 'em (Yeah) I'm LL Cool J, Bigger and Deffer, that's how come (Uh) I sell like four mil' when I put out a bad album (What?) Revival flopped, came back and I scared the crap out 'em But Rolling Stone stars, I get two and a half outta Five, and I'll laugh out loud 'Cause that's what they gave BAD back in the day Which actually made me not feel as bad now, 'cause If it happened to James It can happen to Shady They do the same shit to Brady More people hate me than love me This game will make you go crazy 'Bout to go for B-R-O-K-E I was the G, the O-A-T Once I was played in rotation At every radio station They said I'm lyrically amazing But I have nothing to say But then when I put out Revival and I had something to say They said that they hated the awake me I lose the rage, I'm too tame I get it back, they say I'm too angry I need to get me some Dre beats No, I should hook up with Tay Keith Fans keep on pulling me one way Haters pull me in another Got more hooks in me than Swae Lee 'Bout to pick up some weights and lift 'til my tattoo of Hailie's face stretches They said I'm just a whiner, I sound like a baby I dish it out but can't take it But I take it, dish it back out And they get all bent out of shape This shit's almost comical Wait, and I meant no disrespect I wasn't dissin' Tech, that was not a shot at 2 Chainz or to Jay-Z They probably feel the same way because lately Instead of us being credited for longevity And being able to keep it up for this long at this level, we Get told we'll never be what we were Bitch, if I was as half as good as I was I'm still twice as good as you'll ever be Only way that you're ahead of me's alphabetically 'Cause if you diss me I'm coming after you like the letter V Killing everything, play this tune, it's your eulogy It's your funeral, prepare to die This is music for you to be murdered by"}, "Unaccommodating (Ft.\u00a0Young\u00a0M.A)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Young M.A & Eminem] Oh, this what we doin'? Alright M.A  [Verse 1: Young M.A] I like a bitch that like to wobble, wobble Shake it,\u2005shake\u2005it, break it,\u2005break it, uh Nigga, we made it,\u2005made it, they hate it, hate it Pro professional, pure persistent, I'm paper chasing I hate complaining, I hated waiting, I'll pay for patience But I hate to pay a bill (Hate that) And I made a mil' without a major deal (I made that) Yeah, her ass fake, but she came for real (She came, uh) Money ain't a thing, that ain't a thing for real It's the broke lingo (Huh) And no, ain't nothing Saweetie, this is no Quavo (Migo) Man, I just get high, let my hoes lay low (Ooh) I just want some face but this is no facial (Ooh) Do right and kill er'body, Drake mode (Hello) Bitch, I'm tryna eat out, take your plate mode (Hello) Disrespect that life and I'm in gang mode (Grrr) You can leave this earth, bitch, I'm in rake mode (Huh) I'm in cake mode (Huh), I'm in brave mode, uh What up, Marshall? I'm a martian, I'm in Wayne mode (Facts) Neck wet, big drip, I'm in rain mode (Drip, drip, drip) Eight niggas, eight hittas, take eight souls (Brrr) Collect pesos (Huh), and I'm paid, so? (Paid) Self-made goals (Hey) When the pain leaves (Huh) Where does the pain go? (Where?) Tip of the backwood is where the flame goes (There) To the sky is where my brain goes (Wow) Same pack, same fiend, sellin' the same clothes (Wow) Pinocchio and my pistol, they got the same nose Me and my niggas gotta eat, we share the same stove (What?) Case closed, bodies in my lane, bitch, lane closed "}, "You Gon' Learn (Ft.\u00a0Royce\u00a0Da 5'9\" & White\u00a0Gold)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Chorus: White Gold] Pray you see tomorrow, little boy, you gon' learn All them pretty bitches leave yo' ass\u2005in\u2005the urn You ain't\u2005sold your last rock, you just\u2005better earn But I pray you see tomorrow, little boy, you gon' learn Pray you see tomorrow, little boy, you gon' learn All them pretty bitches leave yo' ass in the urn You ain't sold your last rock, you just better earn But I pray you see tomorrow, little boy, you gon' learn  [Verse 1: Royce da 5'9\"] I'm a product of properly hoppin' up out of that poverty Profitin' all for coppin' and swappin' that property out for a possible monopoly Tryin' not to adopt my father's old philosophies Same time I'm prayin' to God that everything works out at his colonoscopy I'm walkin' across a suicidal tightrope intentionally While the demons comin' out of me Wifey's on the side of me talkin' sense into me Without she, I feel incomplete mentally, she's been sent to me Right there since '9-6, worse nightmare to side chicks, some things are just meant to be This it for me, give my daughters a kiss for me Y'all call this fame, I call this shit alcoholistic infamy Targettin' my kids and babies through population and gun control Shit make me wanna make a hunnid more Make a bigot racist uncomfortable If y'all against talk and reparation then I'm not against the thought of separation While the politicians that are white and privileged ask how is this different from segregation, that's funny bro Segregation is bein' told where I'm gonna go Separation is bein' woke and goin' wherever I wanna go "}, "Alfred (Interlude)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Spoken] How do you do? Ladies and gentlemen My name is Alfred Hitchcock and this is Music\u2005To\u2005Be Murdered By It\u2005is mood music in a jugular\u2005vein So why don't you relax? Lean back and enjoy yourself Until the coroner comes"}, "Those Kinda Nights (Ft.\u00a0Ed\u00a0Sheeran)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Bizarre & Ed Sheeran] Damn, girl, with your sexy ass, haha Let me holla at you D.A. got that dope It's one\u2005of\u2005those kinda nights  [Verse 1: Eminem, Ed Sheeran & Bizarre] Yes,\u2005this beat\u2019s takin' me back to\u2005my D12 days When we hit the club to go and hell-raise Probably end up baggin' the cocktail waitress And takin\u2019 her straight back to the Motel-8 Yeah, Bizarre's tryna get a lap dance Off a Xanax and Jack Dan' (Ayo) Stripper walk by, I'm like \"Goddamn\" She's like \"That's harassment,\" I'm like \"Yeah, and?\" (Woo) Holy Toledo, it's Miss Ohio That\u2019s the best ass I\u2019ve seen in a while We should be datin', she\u2019s from Cleveland But she's a bengal, this chick is catty Is that a mini-skirt if it's a maxi? That's the shortest thing for a dress since an addy (Since an addy) She said \"Fuck off\" and threw her liquor at me It\u2019s one of those kinda nights Then I said, I said  [Chorus: Ed Sheeran] If you wanna go hard tonight Well then, the smoke and the bottle are on me, ah Slip into that red dress you like When we arrive, we probably won't leave, ah I love the way you move like that When you push your body on mine, oh my You wanna smoke, drink, dance until the sunrise It's one of those kinda nights "}, "In Too DeepLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1] \"This could never work,\" is what we said at first But whatever this is, it's working But\u2005we're\u2005in two different\u2005worlds and (Yeah) I'm not your husband\u2005(Nah), you ain't my girlfriend All I know is that (What?) When I'm with you, I'm a different person, yeah And I ain't never met a chick as perfect Girl, you're a ten, so here I am (Yeah) Laying here with her again Thinking 'bout you She's asleep, you're texting me around two Crying face emoji, you say, \"This is me without you\" We're sneaking out to meet at cheap hotel rooms or Sex in the car, then I'll text you tomorrow Do I question it? Nah, no objection at all 'Cause both of us are still involved, so As I'm peelin' off, all I'm thinking 'bout is  [Chorus] I'm not happy here (Nah), with her Rather have you (Yeah), rather have me too 'Cause you're not happy there (You're not happy there), with him Rather have me (I know, but), we\u2019re just in too deep  [Verse 2] You're laying there with him, thinking 'bout me He's asleep, you say, \"Let's meet around three\" You went to leave the house, he caught you sneaking out, now he's freaking out You thought he was sleepin' soundly, woah You say you're going for a drive, you don't question him When he stumbles in, like, \"Where the fuck you've been?\" Then you pump his ear with what he wants to hear Tell him you love him, yeah, wipe each other's tears But it's been a couple years since we been doin' dirt You or my girl, don't wanna see either of you get hurt But now the lines are getting super blurred Can't tell if I'm cheating on her with you or cheating on you with her But really, nobody's at fault, can't help who you love Hope they don't overhear us talk 'Cause we both are getting sloppy Probably subconsciously part of me's hoping we get caught 'cause "}, "Godzilla (Ft.\u00a0Juice\u00a0WRLD)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Ugh, you're a monster  [Verse 1: Eminem] I can swallow a bottle of alcohol and I'll feel like Godzilla Better\u2005hit\u2005the deck like\u2005the card dealer My whole squad's in\u2005here, walking around the party A cross between a zombie apocalypse and B-Bobby \"The Brain\" Heenan which is probably the Same reason I wrestle with mania Shady's in this bitch, I'm posse'd up Consider it to cross me a costly mistake If they sleepin' on me, the hoes better get insomnia ADHD, Hydroxycut Pass the Courvoisier (Hey, hey) In AA with an AK, melee, finna set it like a playdate Better vacate, retreat like a vacay, mayday (Ayy) This beat is cray-cray, Ray J, H-A-H-A-H-A Laughing all the way to the bank, I spray flames They cannot tame or placate the  [Chorus: Juice WRLD with Eminem] Monster You get in my way, I'ma feed you to the monster (Yeah) I'm normal during the day, but at night, turn to a monster (Yeah) When the moon shines like Ice Road Truckers I look like a villain outta those blockbusters Godzilla, fire spitter, monster Blood on the dance floor, and on the Louis V carpet Fire, Godzilla, fire, monster Blood on the dance floor, and on the Louis V carpet "}, "DarknessLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] I don't wanna be alone, I don't wanna be  [Chorus] I don't wanna be alone in the\u2005darkness I\u2005don't wanna be\u2005alone in the darkness I don't wanna\u2005be alone in the darkness anymore (Hello, darkness, my old friend)  [Verse 1] Here I am, alone again Can't get out of this hole I'm in It's like the walls are closin' in You can't help me, no one can I can feel these curtains closin' I go to open 'em But something pulls 'em closed again (Hello, darkness, my old friend) Feels like I'm loathing in Las Vegas Haven't got the vaguest why I'm so lost But I'd make you this small wager If I bet you I'll be in tomorrow's paper Who would the odds favor? (Hello, darkness, my old friend) I'm so much like my father, you would think that I knew him I keep pacin' this room, Valium, then chase it with booze One little taste, it'll do Maybe I'll take it and snooze, then tear up the stage in a few (Hello, darkness, my old friend) Fuck the Colt 45, I'ma need somethin' stronger If I pop any caps, it better be off of vodka Round after round after round, I'm gettin' loaded (Haha) That's a lot of shots, huh? (Double entendre) (Hello, darkness, my old friend) "}, "Leaving Heaven (Ft.\u00a0Skylar\u00a0Grey)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Yeah (I knew this day was coming) Sometimes, you gotta come back down (It's all going\u2005to\u2005hell now, man) Stoop\u2005to someone's level (Yeah)  [Verse 1: Eminem] Five dozen flies\u2005buzzin' over your head Call me the Grim Reaper, sleep is my cousin You're dead to me now and I'ma be the last face you see 'Fore you die 'cause in (Yep) My eye are tigers and I'm a survivor so I will rise up and (What?) Be triumphant 'cause when I'm looking at my legacy (Leg, I see) Bunch of dogs tryna dry hump it Like Triumph The Puppet, so I'm like, \"Fuck it\" Pile the carnage up 'til it's so high, it's touching the sky Let 'em all line up and attack Single filing up in the stack Call 'em toy soldiers (Yeah) 'Cause they just wind up on their backs Now the sky's nothing but black But I am not coming back, I done told ya I told the woke me to go to sleep But still, they keep on provoking me They're hoping to see me completely broken emotionally But how in the fuck am I not supposed to be woke When these fuckers just keep poking me? Now "}, "Yah Yah (Ft.\u00a0Black\u00a0Thought, Denaun, Q-Tip & Royce\u00a0Da 5'9\")Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: dEnAun] Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah (People) Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah (Bitches) Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah\u2005(Animals) Yah,\u2005yah, yah, yah,\u2005yah  [Verse 1: Royce da 5'9\"] Bumstickitty, bumstickitty, bum huh I got that\u2005old rum-pum-pum-pum A punk'll jump up to get him a beat down At least sound, I sound like these clowns, like he sound My flow all over the place, four-four in the waist, I'm so, so innovative Po-po in the way, I'll roll over 'em and make bacon And call 'em a pig, won't you hop up off of my dick? Words in the way, I'm at loss by him I give you a JFK on the front lawn of MLK in the crossfire (Get down, nigga) I have evolved into the lost diaries of the mob and the Rothschilds (C'mon) I feel like God broke the vials and I am just layin' down inside 'em like caulk and tile (Q-Tip)  [Chorus: Q-Tip, Royce da 5'9\" & dEnAun] Man, here we go I said that we live in the land of criminal My era, my era, my era so original Uh-huh, I survived it and that's a miracle, ah, man 'Cause I'm from Slaughterhouse (People), check yourself Like Ice Cube said, \"Before you wreck yourself\" (Bitches) Like Wu-Tang said, \"You should protect yourself\" (Animals) I got 'em goin' Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah (Get down, nigga) Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah "}, "Stepdad (Intro)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Skit] Get up Dad, what? What'd I fuckin' tell you about turnin' off the lights? (What, what? I\u2005didn't\u2005do it) Don't fuckin'\u2005lie to me, I told you\u2005fuckin' don't touch, turn the fuckin' lights off (Stop, I didn't do it) Don't you fuckin' lie, you little fucker (No, ah, ah) Don't you fuckin' lie to me (Stop)"}, "StepdadLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Ayo (This a song about) My, my stepdad (Let's see if this ever happened to you) I, I hate My,\u2005my\u2005stepdad  [Verse 1] One thing that\u2005sticks in my craw When I was\u2005six and I saw my stepfather hittin' my Ma Socked her right in her eyeball I'm startin' to think I'm psychotic With all the pictures I draw of Shit that I've already witnessed, it\u2019s probably twisted my thoughts All I can hear is drama with Mom and him I can always hear 'em arguin' down the hallways The walls are thin so the noise is startin' to feel like the norm Our dog pissed on the carpet, he stomped it so hard Doctors had to put it down He killed my chihuahua, this motherfucker!  [Chorus] I, I, hate My, my stepdad (Stepdad) So tonight I'm sayin', \"Bye-bye stepdad\" (Stepdad) "}, "MarshLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] My name is Marsh and this world, I'm out of it (Out of it) 'Cause with\u2005all\u2005this A-B-C shit,\u2005I'm starting to sound like ALF\u2005a bit Ha, I kill me, this medicine's counterfeit I was mislead by the sound of it, how am I gonna get turnt up on this Valium shit? (Yeah)  [Verse 1] Checked in at the Royal Garden To chill and avoid my problems Until paranoia caused me To feel like I'm going bonkers For real, think my toilet's talkin' I spilled like, like forty bottles Of pills, think your boy is startin' To feel like a spoiled carton of milk 'Cause it just occurred My girl's cheatin', I'm kickin' that fucking bitch to the curb But the word \"fucking\" ain't meant to be a descriptive word The type of bitch she is, ain't no adjective, it's a verb Ho thinks her snatch is magical But that's how she attracts men, though Traps 'em and attack similar to an actual arachnid Or a vaginal tarantula or black widow In fact, it'll be nothin' to throw that lil' bitch with a capital B out the back window Of the black Cadillac limo like a whack demo When I'm strapped, when I spit rapid, like a ratchet A halfwit, I'll aim at, then I'll Been fire bitch, I can outrap Reynolds A pad and pen'll be great, but a napkin'll do Return of the whack sicko Head spinnin' like Invisibl Skratch Piklz Yeah, Shady's back, see the bat signal It's time to go bat shit, like you accidentally ate a Louisville slugger and crapped it I'd like to introduce myself Hi there, bitch... "}, "Never Love AgainLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1] I could be with anybody, I choose you Still, it's no excuse to abuse you But no\u2005one\u2005knows what I'm\u2005goin' through, so I'd use you To\u2005be truthful, I wouldn't know what to do if I lose you So I refuse to, might have a screw loose and a fuse blew But I think I might be buildin' up a tolerance to you 'Cause one minute I'm hollerin', \"Screw you\" Next, I take it back, guess you can say I'm tryna unscrew you But the shit's about to pop off, yeah, I feel you up Then I got you totally open as soon as I take your top off You're so hard to resist, you knock my socks off My friends say you're bad for me, hogwash  [Chorus] I'll never love again The way I loved you Did you find someone new? Are you doin' this with them? 'Cause I remember when Still remember when you was mine, yeah We were inseparable at one time, yeah You know my love for you was undying, yeah Used to always have my back  [Verse 2] Some days it feels like you're all that I have That's why I'm tryna hold onto you for as long as I can And you just want me for my money so I got you wrapped all in saran Damn, talk about eatin' out the palm of my hand But if not for my financials I wouldn't have you anyways, there have been ample Plenty days, where I'm just in a daze and I can't pull Myself up out this rut and you're so much of a handful I can only take so much of you all at one time Because too much of you's just too much to swallow sometimes Gotta take you in doses, but when you're not at my side I shake in convulsions, separation anxiety 'cause we may be the closest Yeah, baby, we hopeless, don't we make an atrocious Combination? We know, it's like playin' with explosives Quite dangerous though, but my brain's in hypnosis Such a wide range of emotions Migraines, but why the fuck am I takin' these MOTRINs? Ibuprofens, like a drop of rain in the ocean And you're my fix on the days when I'm broken But the shit's about to go sideways, I just know it "}, "Little EngineLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Alfred Hitchcock] I trust that everyone is enjoying the music As the title of the album suggests This was\u2005meant\u2005for your listening\u2005pleasure While you are being done in  [Verse 1] Call\u2005this evil intent, like me in a limo (Yeah) Like the shade in these windows Smoke gray, ladies go mental But no way they can see in though (Nah) OJ blade is a pencil (Yeah) Propane tank in my cranium Code-name Titanium Temple I almost swallowed my car I call my Mercedes a Benzo Bitch, I ball like a baby Ball like J, but not Jay as in Jay-Z, J as in Leno 'Cause I got a huge mansion No, huge man chin, new Manson, loose cannon Too scandalous, Sue Atkins The kinda crazy you can\u2019t fix I'm still the one that your parents hate I'm in your house eating carrot cake While I sit there and wait and I marinate I\u2019m irritated, you 'bout to meet a scary fate And come home to find yourself starin' straight into a fuckin' barrel like Sharon Tate Dre's on concerto while I narrate Yeah, you be on the straight and narrow like a fuckin' arrow shape I be on a higher plane in aerospace With so much leg-room and air space on this airplane Unlike you 'cause you're on a flight too, but it\u2019s a staircase "}, "Lock It Up (Ft.\u00a0Anderson\u00a0.Paak)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Anderson .Paak] Yeah, like that Okay, yeah  [Verse 1: Anderson .Paak & Eminem] Say, bro, (Yeah) where you get them from? Detroit? (Yeah) That machine gun,\u2005spray\u2005boy And it's gon'\u2005hit some New coupe? (Ooh) Been whippin'\u2005'em New boobs? (Yeah) Where you get them done? Payroll (Nice), might put you on a table And spread you out like some Yayo (I'm naughty, yah) No, bitch (Oh), you don't know shit (No) You just want all my money, ah I was hopeless (Oh), now I'm focused (No) Where the fuck is the party at? Now hold this (Oh), oh shit (Oh) That's it (Yeah), so sick (Oh) No shit (Oh) Damn, I'm (Yeah) getting too fuckin' old for this (Yeah)  [Verse 2: Eminem] But still as explosive with, just load the clip Two pistols on hip, both are gripped I hold them at shoulder width Took a stab in the dark and broke the tip Of my knife off, but your throat is slit 'Cause I'm cutthroat to the utmost with it The ultimate I just let the poker chips fall where they were supposed to fit Now those days are over, scrapin' change in sofas Tryna save at Kroger (Yeah) So why would I give a fuck about backstabbin' Trader Joe for? How 'bout that, I'm paid as Oprah Think I may have broke the scale 'Cause the wait is over But wait, wait, hold up, 'cause they say I almost "}, "FarewellLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Ricky Racks For what it's worth You were a slut at birth If the world had a dick You'd\u2005fuck\u2005the Earth I tried\u2005to get over you It doesn't work You're\u2005still a cunt I'm still a fucking jerk  [Verse 1] Same as it ever was, yeah Say it'll change but it never does Ain't gonna ever 'cause You're the cause of my pain and the medicine Never met someone who played games with my head as much Fate tethered us together like two felons Must've fell in love with skeletons Everyone's got 'em, thought that you were Cinderella but (Yeah) Feels like I slept with the (Uh) wicked stepmother But how the hell am I Still in love with the motherfucking chick there's at least a million of? They say love the one you with But this shit is killing us Our love's on some other shit I'm a glutton for punishment You're the gloves, I'm the punching mitts It's above and beyond us Cuffing, I'm shoving the girl I love inside of an oven If I catch you sucking another dick You better unsuck it, you snuck in the crib and tried to jump under the covers again Why am I tucking you in? Probably 'cause "}, "No Regrets (Ft.\u00a0Don\u00a0Toliver)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem & Don Toliver] (Oh, oh, yeah) Yeah You know, if I had a chance to do it all over\u2005again\u2005(Oh, oh) I wouldn't\u2005change shit (Oh, oh) D.A. got that\u2005dope I'm screamin' out no regrets  [Chorus: Don Toliver] You been through the hardest spot, ego the largest, I made you a star (I'm screamin' out no regrets) I been movin' slowly, tryna play it low, the 'Vette look like a storm (Screamin' out no regrets) Put you through dumb shit, got you thinkin' I run shit (I ain't havin' regrets) I've been feeling so alone, just like I'm so lost, just like I'm\u2014  [Verse 1: Eminem & Don Toliver] Yeah, they miss the old me I think they want me to OD on codeine They want my life in turmoil like in '03 They want front row seats, I give 'em nosebleeds They want me imploding, exploding, self-loathing, eroding I'm screaming at 'em with no regrets and I'm hulking I'm rippin' out of my clothing I had to go see the doc like Kool Moe Dee (Yeah) Never took much to convince Dre Never been swayed by color or skin shades Since day one, Hellraiser with twin blades of a sensei Givin' up, no comprende (Woo) Tin brain, prolly fucked in the membrane Slim Sha\u2014 mind's in the gutter, but insane Pen game like I just struck in the tenth frame (Screamin' out no regrets) Yeah, I live on the edge, I sit on the ledge To shit on your heads, I been on the bench Forgive and forget is the only thing I'd ever live to regret Hell-bent on revenge, you left me for dead I crawled out my grave, you better be ready and set My enemies ain't put an end to me yet (I'm screamin' out no regrets) "}, "I Will (Ft.\u00a0Joell\u00a0Ortiz, KXNG\u00a0Crooked & Royce\u00a0Da 5'9\")Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] And I don't think that I can stop it (Here it comes) I do my best\u2005to\u2005try to block\u2005it (Redrum) I've been sipping on like,\u2005vodka (Head's numb) I'm blacking out, you better watch it (It's bedlam)  [Chorus: Eminem] I thought I heard a voice in my head that said \"Kill\" I had no other choice that was left except fill My pencil full of poisonous lead, the devil He wants me to murder this beat, so I will He told me there are doubters who question my skill They wanna put my style to the test, am I still The best? They want the crown on my head, I said, \"Chill If you want me to murder this beat, then I will\"  [Verse 1: Royce da 5'9\"] I'm a long way away from where you are in skill Foreign wheels, my bitch wearin' four-inch heels She on the orange pill And she about to start taking off layers like orange peels Sacha Baron Cohen, Ferrell, where am I going with this? Oh yeah, I bar at will And when you throw the iron in it, I'm all that still The truth for real, I'm real true, call that trill This is my house, this place is mine Posted on any corner on any coast I'm on You niggas need to leave that lean, Henny, and coke alone Terror to the business, married to the strippers, T-Pain Student of the game pre-Kane, you niggas Post Malone Elite beatboxer minus the raps Rollin' with at least three choppers, Ryan is that I literally keep three shottas I'm lyrically James Todd, Tariq Trotter minus the cap "}, "Alfred (Outro)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Interlude] This concludes our danse macabre Portions of the proceeding were recorded As for the rest of it,\u2005I'm\u2005very much afraid\u2005it was all in your mind I\u2005don't intend to indulge in any post-mortem If you haven't been murdered, I can only say Better luck next time If you have been, goodnight wherever you are"}}, "The Slim Shady LP": {"Public Service AnnouncementLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Skit: Jeff Bass & Eminem] This is a public service announcement Brought to you, in part, by Slim Shady (Tell them that the\u2013) The views and events expressed here are totally fucked (Yeah) And are not necessarily the views of anyone However, the events and suggestions that appear on this album Are not to be taken lightly (Tell them that\u2013) Children should not partake in the listening of this album With laces in their shoes (Tell them that\u2013) Slim Shady is not responsible for your actions (Let them know\u2013) Upon purchasing this album You have agreed not to try this at home (Right) A-anything else? Yeah, don't do drugs"}, "My Name IsLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Produced by Dr. Dre]  [Chorus: Eminem] Hi, my name is, what? My name is, who? My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady Hi, my name is, what? (Excuse me) My name is, who? My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady (Can I have the attention of the class for one second?) Hi, my name is, huh? My name is, what? My name is, chka-chka, Slim Shady  [Verse 1: Eminem & Dr. Dre] Hi, kids, do you like violence? (Yeah, yeah, yeah) Wanna see me stick nine-inch nails through each one of my eyelids? (Uh-huh) Wanna copy me and do exactly like I did? (Yeah, yeah) Try 'cid and get fucked up worse than my life is? (Huh?) My brain's dead weight, I'm tryna get my head straight But I can't figure out which Spice Girl I want to impregnate (Oh) And Dr. Dre said, \"Slim Shady, you a basehead\" (Uh-uh) \"Then why's your face red? Man, you wasted\" Well, since age 12, I felt like I'm someone else 'Cause I hung my original self from the top bunk with a belt Got pissed off and ripped Pamela Lee's tits off And smacked her so hard I knocked her clothes backwards like Kris Kross I smoke a fat pound of grass, and fall on my ass Faster than a fat bitch who sat down too fast Come here, slut; \"Shady, wait a minute, that's my girl, dawg\" I don't give a fuck, God sent me to piss the world off "}, "Guilty Conscience (Ft.\u00a0Dr.\u00a0Dre)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Mark Avery & Eddie] Meet Eddie, 23 years old Fed up with life and the way things are going (Damn, I'm going fucking insane) He decides to rob a liquor store (I gotta take this shit, I can't take it no more, holmes) But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart (Shit is mine) And suddenly (I gotta do this) His conscience comes into play (I gotta do this)  [Verse 1: Dr. Dre, Eminem, & (Eddie)] Alright, stop (Huh?) Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store And try to get money out the drawer You better think of the consequence (Who are you?) I'm your motherfuckin' conscience That's nonsense Go in, gaffle the money, and run to one of your aunt's cribs And borrow a damn dress and one of her blond wigs (Can I borrow this?) Tell her you need a place to stay, you'll be safe for days If you shave your legs with Renee's razor blades Yeah, but if it all goes through like it's supposed to The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you Think about it before you walk in the door first Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns Fuck that, do that shit, shoot that bitch Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich? Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch? Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids? Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it (You're right) Not over this shit (Stop) Drop the biscuit (I will) Don't even listen to Slim, yo, he's bad for you You know what, Dre? I don't like your attitude "}, "Brain DamageLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Doctor & Nurse] Scalpel Here Sponge Here Wait, he's convulsing, he's convulsing Ahh We're gonna have to shock him Oh my God, oh my God We're gonna have to shock him Oh my God  [Verse 1] These are the results of a thousand electric volts A neck with bolts Nurse, we're losin' him, check the pulse A kid who refused to respect adults Wore spectacles with taped frames and a freckled nose A corny-lookin' white boy, scrawny and always ornery 'Cause I was always sick of brawny bullies pickin' on me And I might snap, one day just like that I decided to strike back, and flatten every tire on the bike rack My first day in Junior High, this kid said \"It's you and I, three o'clock sharp, this afternoon you die\" I looked at my watch, it was 1:20 \"I already gave you my lunch money What more do you want from me?\" He said, \"Don't try to run from me, you'll just make it worse\" My palms were sweaty, and I started to shake at first Somethin' told me, \"Try to fake a stomach ache, it works\" I screamed, \"Ow, my appendix feel like they could burst Teacher, teacher, quick, I need a naked nurse\" \"What's the matter?\" \"I don't know, my leg, it hurts\" \"Leg? I thought you said it was your tummy\" \"Oh, I mean it is, but I also got a bum knee\" \"Mr. Mathers, the fun and games are over And just for that stunt, you're gonna get some extra homework\" \"But don't you wanna give me after school detention?\" \"Nah, that bully wants to beat your ass and I'ma let him\" "}, "Paul (Skit) by\u00a0Eminem\u00a0& Paul RosenbergLyrics": {"lyrics": "Em, what's going on? This is Paul Rosenberg, your faithful attorney at law Listen, I listened to the rough copy of your album And, uh, y'know, I've just got to be honest with you Can you tone it down a little bit? Because there's only so much I can explain Give me a call"}, "If I HadLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] \"Life,\" by Marshall Mathers What is life? Life is like a big obstacle in front of your optical to slow you down And every time you think you've gotten past it It's gonna come back around to tackle you to the damn ground (If I had a million) What are friends? Friends are people that you think are your friends But they really your enemies with secret identities In disguises to hide they true colors So just when you think you close enough to be brothers They wanna come back and cut your throat when you ain't lookin' What is money? Money is what makes a man act funny, money is the root of all evil Money'll make them same friends come back around Swearin' that they was always down What is life? I'm tired of life  [Verse 1] I'm tired of backstabbin'-ass snakes with friendly grins I'm tired of committin' so many sins Tired of always givin' in when this bottle of Henny wins Tired of never havin' any ends Tired of havin' skinny friends hooked on crack and Mini Thins I'm tired of this DJ playin' your shit when he spins Tired of not havin' a deal Tired of havin' to deal with the bullshit without grabbin' the steel Tired of drownin' in my sorrow Tired of havin' to borrow a dollar for gas to start my Monte Carlo I'm tired of motherfuckers sprayin' shit and dartin' off I'm tired of jobs startin' off at $5.50 an hour Then this boss wonders why I'm smartin' off Tired of bein' fired every time I fart and cough Tired of havin' to work as a gas station clerk For this jerk, breathin' down my neck, drivin' me berserk I'm tired of usin' plastic silverware Tired of workin' at Builder's Square, tired of not bein' a millionaire "}, "'97 Bonnie & ClydeLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] (Just the two of us, just the two of us) Baby, your dada loves you And I'ma always be here for you (Just the two of us, just the two of us) No matter what happens You're all I got in this world (Just the two of us, just the two of us) I would never give you up for nothin' (Just the two of us, just the two of us) Nobody in this world is ever gonna keep you from me I love you  [Verse 1] C'mon Hai-Hai, we goin' to the beach Grab a couple of toys and let Dada strap you in the car seat Oh, where's Mama? She's takin' a little nap in the trunk Oh, that smell? Dada must've runned over a skunk Now, I know what you're thinkin', it's kind of late to go swimmin' But you know your Mama, she's one of those type of women That do crazy things, and if she don't get her way, she'll throw a fit Don't play with Dada's toy knife, honey, let go of it (No) And don't look so upset, why you actin' bashful? Don't you wanna help Dada build a sandcastle? (Yeah) And Mama said she wants to show you how far she can float And don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat It's just a little scratch, it don't hurt Her was eatin' dinner while you were sweepin' And spilled ketchup on her shirt Mama's messy, ain't she? We'll let her wash off in the water And me and you can play by ourselves, can't we? "}, "Bitch by\u00a0Eminem\u00a0& Zoe WinklerLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Zoe] Justin? It's Zoe Um, Kelly did not have me call However, I just listened to Eminem in her car It is the most disgusting thing I have ever heard in my entire life And I seriously wanna call his fucking agent And tell them how fucking disgusting he is It, like, makes me upset I'm now nauseous and I can't eat lunch, goodbye"}, "Role ModelLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Okay, I'm going to attempt to drown myself You can try this at home You can be just like me Mic check, one-two, we recordin'?  [Verse 1] I'm cancerous, so when I diss, you wouldn't wanna answer this If you responded back with a battle rap you wrote for Canibus I'll strangle you to death, then I'll choke you again And break your fuckin' legs 'til your bones poke through your skin You beef with me, I'ma even the score equally Take you on Jerry Springer and beat your ass legally I get too blunted off of funny home grown 'Cause when I smoke out, I hit the trees harder than Sonny Bono (Oh no) So if I said I never did drugs That would mean I lie and get fucked more than the President does Hilary Clinton tried to slap me and call me a pervert I ripped her fuckin' tonsils out and fed her sherbet (Bitch) My nerves hurt, and lately I'm on edge Grabbed Vanilla Ice and ripped out (C'mere) his blond dreads (Fuck you) Every girl I ever went out with has gone les' Follow me and do exactly what the song says Smoke weed, take pills, drop out of school, kill people And drink, jump behind the wheel like it was still legal I'm dumb enough to walk in a store and steal So I'm dumb enough to ask for a date with Lauryn Hill Some people only see that I'm white, ignorin' skill 'Cause I stand out like a green hat with a orange bill But I don't get pissed, y'all don't even see through the mist How the fuck can I be white? I don't even exist I get a clean shave, bathe, go to a rave Die from an overdose and dig myself up out of my grave My middle finger won't go down, how do I wave? And this is how I'm supposed to teach kids how to behave? "}, "Lounge (Skit) by\u00a0Eminem,\u00a0Jeffrey Erwin Bass & Mark BassLyrics": {"lyrics": "For all the ladies out there I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl I never meant to bring you to my world And now you're lying in the corner, crying"}, "My FaultLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Chorus] I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl I never meant to bring you to my world But now you're sittin' in the corner, crying And now it's my fault, my fault I never meant to give you mushrooms, girl I never meant to bring you to my world But now you're sittin' in the corner, crying And now it's my fault, my fault  [Verse 1] I went to John's rave with Ron and Dave And met a new wave blonde babe with half of her head shaved A nurse aid who came to get laid and tied up With first aid tape and raped on the first date (Ooh) Susan, an ex-heroin addict who just stopped usin' Who love booze and alternative music (What up?) Told me she was going back into usin' again (Nah) I said, \"Wait, first try this hallucinogen It's better than heroin, Henn, the booze and the gin C'mere, let's go in here, who's in the den?\" \"It's me and Kelly!\" \"My bad\" (Sorry) \"Let's try another room\" \"I don't trust you\" \"Shut up, slut, chew up this mushroom This'll help you get in touch with your roots We'll get barefoot, butt-naked, and run in the woods\" \"Oh hell, I might as well try 'em, this party is so drab\" \"Oh dag\" (Mmm) \"I ain't mean for you to eat the whole bag\" \"Huh?\" "}, "Ken Kaniff (Skit) by\u00a0Eminem,\u00a0Aristotle & Mark BassLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Ken Kaniff, (Operator), & Eminem] I'm gonna call this motherfucker Oh, fuck yeah Give him a piece of my mind, a piece of my ass (Thank you for waiting, hello, may I help you?) Oh, thank you, I need to make a collect call (What number?) Oh, the number is **6-2*** (At the tone, please say your name) Kenneth Kaniff from Connecticut, automated piece of shit Yo Hey there, cock boy Who's this? This is Ken Kaniff Who? Ken Kaniff from Connecticut, you little bitch From Connecticut? Yeah, you wanna get a- I don't know nobody in Connecticut You wanna get a hotel room with me? A hotel room? Yeah, you want me to lick your ass, Eminem? Yo, who is this, Cage? Hey, you want me to fuckin' melt in your mouth and not in your hand? Melt in your ass, you little cock boy Yo, shut up, you lil bitch Oh, you think I'm lyin', huh? Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha"}, "Cum on Everybody (Ft.\u00a0Dina\u00a0Rae)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Produced by Bass Brothers]  [Intro] (Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha) Yo, mic check (Woo, shit) Testing One, two, um, twelve What up? What up? What up? (Outsiderz) This is my dance song, can you hear me? (Outsiderz) (Rah Digga, Young Zee, bust it, bust it) Alright, ayy, turn my headphones up  [Verse 1] My favorite color is red like the bloodshed From Kurt Cobain's head when he shot himself dead Women all grabbin' at my shish kabab Bought Lauryn Hill's tape so her kids could starve (\u201cI can't stand white people\u201d) You thought I was ill and now I'm even more so Shit, I got full-blown AIDS and a sore throat I got a wardrobe with an orange robe I'm in the fourth row, signin' autographs at your show I just remembered that I'm absent-minded Wait, I mean I've lost my mind, I can't find it I'm freestylin' every verse that I spit 'Cause I don't even remember the words to my shit (Um, one, two) I told the doc I need a change in sickness And gave a girl herpes in exchange for syphilis Put my LP on your Christmas gift list You want to get high? Here, bitch, just sniff this "}, "Rock BottomLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Produced by Bass Brothers]  [Intro] Ayo, this song is dedicated To all the happy people All the happy people who have real nice lives And have no idea what it's like to be broke as fuck  [Verse 1] I feel like I'm walkin' a tight rope without a circus net Poppin' Percocet, I'm a nervous wreck I deserve respect but I work a sweat for this worthless check I'm 'bout to burst this TEC at somebody to reverse this debt Minimum wage got my adrenaline caged Full of venom and rage, 'specially when I'm engaged And my daughter's down to her last diaper, it's got my ass hyper I pray that God answers, maybe I'll ask nicer Watchin' ballers while they flossin' in they Pathfinders These overnight stars becomin' autograph-signers We all long to blow up and leave the past behind us Along with the small fries and average half-pinters But player-haters turnin' bitch like they have vaginas 'Cause we see them dollar signs and let the cash blind us Money'll brainwash you and leave yo' ass mindless Them snakes slither in the grass, spineless "}, "Just Don\u2019t Give a FuckLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Produced by Jeff Bass]  [Intro: Frogg Dogg] Woah, a-get yo' hands in the air And get to clappin' 'em and, like, back and forth Because-a this is what you thought it wasn't It be's the brothers representin' the Dirty Dozen I be the F-R-O, the double G And check out my man, he goes by the name of, er, uh  [Verse 1: Eminem, Frogg Dogg] Slim Shady, brain dead like Jim Brady I'm a M-80, you little like that Kim lady I'm buzzin', Dirty Dozen, naughty rotten rhymer Cursin' at you players worse than Marty Schottenheimer You wacker than the motherfucker you bit yo' style from You ain't gon' sell two copies if you press a double album Admit it, fuck it, while we comin' out in the open I'm doin' acid, crack, smack, coke, and smokin' dope then My name is Marshall Mathers, I'm an alcoholic (Hi, Marshall) I have a disease and they don't know what to call it Better hide your wallet 'cause I'm comin' up quick to strip yo' cash Bought a ticket to yo' concert just to come and whip yo' ass Bitch, I'm comin' out swingin' so fast it'll make yo' eyes spin You gettin' knocked the fuck out like Mike Tyson (Pssh) The proof is in the puddin', just ask DeShaun Holton I'll slit yo' motherfuckin' throat worse than Ron Goldman "}, "Soap (Skit) by\u00a0Eminem,\u00a0Jeffrey Erwin Bass & Royce Da 5'9\"Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Roger & Skylar] Skylar Montgomery? What do you want from me, Roger? I know it was you all along messing around with my dear Veronica Wait a minute, you hold it right there Me and that woman love each other Love? What do you know of love? We were destined to be together I met her on the beach Are you out to destroy me? No, Roger, that's not what I want to do I love her, and we're gonna be together Never"}, "As the World TurnsLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Chorus] (I don't know) Yes, man (Why this world keeps turning) As the world turns ('Round and 'round) We all experience things in life (But I wish it would stop and let me off right now) Trials and tribulations (I don't know) That we all must go through (Why this world keeps turning) When someone wants to test us ('Round and 'round) When someone tries our patience (But I wish it would stop and let me off right now)  [Verse 1] I hang with a bunch of hippies and wacky tobacco planters Who swallow lit roaches and light up like jack-o-lanterns Outsidaz, baby, and we suin' the courts 'Cause we dope as fuck and only get a 2 in The Source Yo, they never should've booted me outta reform school (Uh-uh) Deformed fool, takin' a shit in the warm pool 'Til they threw me out the Ramada Inn I said, \"It wasn't me, I got a twin\" Oh my God, it's you, not again (Ahh) It all started when my mother took my bike away 'Cause I murdered my guinea pig and stuck him in the microwave After that, it was straight to the 40 ouncers Slappin' teachers and jackin' off in front of my counselors Class clown freshman, dressed like Les Nessman Fuck the next lesson, I'll pass the test guessin' And all the other kids said, \"Eminem is a thizz head He'll never last, the only class he'll ever pass is Phys Ed\" Maybe true, 'til I told this bitch in gym class That she was too fat to swim laps, she need a Slim Fast (Who, me?) Yeah, bitch, you so big You walked into Vic Tanny's and stepped on Jenny Craig (Well, I have never) She picked me up to snap me like a skinny twig Put me in a headlock, then I thought of my guinea pig (Wait, wait, wait, wait) I felt the evilness and started transformin' (Rrrahh) It began stormin', I heard a bunch of cheerin' fans swarmin' Grabbed that bitch by her hair, drug her across the ground (Come here, bitch) And took her up to the highest divin' board and tossed her down Sorry coach, it's too late to tell me stop While I drop this bitch face down and watch her belly-flop "}, "I\u2019m ShadyLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Produced by Bass Brothers]  [Verse 1: Eminem] Who came through with two Glocks to terrorize your borough? (Huh?) Told you how to slap dips and murder your girl? (I did) Gave you all the finger and told you to sit and twirl Sold a billion tapes, and still screamed \"Fuck the world\" (I'm Slim Shady) So come and kill me while my name's hot And shoot me 25 times in the same spot (Ow) I think I got a generation brainwashed To pop pills and smoke pot 'til they brains rot Stop they blood flow 'til they veins clot I need a pain shot and a shot of plain Scotch Purple haze and acid raindrops Spike the punch at the party and drink pop Shaved my armpits and wore a tank top Bad Boy, I told you that I can't stop You gotta make 'em fear you 'fore you make 'em feel you So everybody buy my shit or I'ma come and kill you  [Chorus] I got mushrooms, I got acid, I got tabs and aspirin tablets I'm your brother when you need some good weed to set you free You know me, I'm your friend when you need a Mini Thin (I'm Slim Shady, Shady, Shady, Shady) I'm Shady "}, "Bad Meets Evil (Ft.\u00a0Royce\u00a0Da 5'9\")Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Produced by Jeff Bass]  [Intro: Cowboy (Jeff Bass)] I reckon you ain't familiar with these here parts You know, there's a story behind that there saloon 20 years ago, two outlaws took this whole town over Sheriffs couldn't stop 'em Quickest damn gun-slingers I've ever seen Got murdered in cold-blood That old saloon there was their little home away from home They say the ghosts of Bad and Evil still live in that tavern And on a quiet night, you can still hear The footsteps of Slim Shady and Royce Da 5'9\"  [Verse 1: Eminem & Royce Da 5'9\"] I don't speak, I float in the air, wrapped in a sheet I'm not a real person, I'm a ghost trapped in a beat I translate when my voice is read through a seismograph And the noise is spread Picked up and transmitted through Royce's head (Uhh) Trap him in his room, possess him and hoist his bed 'Til the evilness flows through his blood like poisonous lead Told him each one of his boys is dead (Ohh) I asked him to come to the dark side He made a choice and said (Yo) Who hard? Yo, I done heard worse We can get in two cars and accelerate at each other To see which one'll swerve first Two blind bandits panic, whose mental capacity Holds that of a globe on top of nine other planets Kissed the cheek of the Devil, intelligence level Is hellier than treble peakin' on speakers in the ghetto Dismissal, I'm not a fair man, disgraced the race of an atheist Interceptin' missiles with my bare hands like a patriot One track sliced without swords, I buried the Christ corpse In my past life, when the black knight mounted the white horse And stay over-worked, it's like the Nazis and the Nation Collaboratin', attemptin' to take over the Earth "}, "Still Don\u2019t Give a FuckLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Produced by Bass Brothers]  [Intro] A lot of people ask me, am I afraid of death? Hell yeah, I'm afraid of death I don't want to die yet A lot of people think that I worship the Devil That I do all types of retarded shit Look, I can't change the way I think And I can't change the way I am But if I offended you, good 'Cause I still don't give a fuck  [Verse 1] I'm zonin' off of one joint, stoppin' the limo Hopped in the window, shoppin' a demo at gunpoint A lyricist without a clue, what year is this? Fuck a needle, here's a sword, body pierce with this Livin' amuck, never givin' a fuck Give me the keys, I'm drunk, and I've never driven a truck But I smoke dope in the cab I'll stab you with the sharpest knife I can grab Come back the next week and re-open your scab (Yeah) A killer instinct runs in the blood Emptyin' full clips and buryin' guns in the mud I've calmed down now, I was heavy once into drugs I could walk around straight for two months with a buzz My brain's gone, my soul's worn, my spirit is torn The rest of my body's still bein' operated on I'm ducked the fuck down while I'm writin' this rhyme 'Cause I'm probably gonna get struck with lightnin' this time "}}, "Music to Be Murdered By": {"Premonition (Intro)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Yeah So I guess this is what it is, huh? Think it's obvious We ain't never gonna see\u2005eye\u2005to eye But it's\u2005funny As much as I hate you I\u2005need you This is music to be murdered by  [Chorus: Nikki Grier] Got a premonition I feel the end is near The beauty starts to fade The joy has turned to pain I hear the symphony playin' Ten thousand violins Souls floating away like feathers in the wind  [Verse: Eminem] They said my last album I sounded bitter No, I sound like a spitter Who ninety percent of These hypocrites are tryna get rid of But why would I get a chip on my shoulder? I was considered, one time, as the illest Bitch, I'm still as fly as your zipper True, I just get richer But if it was ever all about skrilla Then I woulda quit a long motherfucking time ago Bitch, shut the fuck up I should go say that shit to Tech N9ne or to Jigga Nobody said shit about 2 Chainz as long as he's been here, shit No wonder you're mad, now I'm Looking at them plaques, count 'em (Yeah) I'm LL Cool J, Bigger and Deffer, that's how come (Uh) I sell like four mil' when I put out a bad album (What?) Revival flopped, came back and I scared the crap out 'em But Rolling Stone stars, I get two and a half outta Five, and I'll laugh out loud 'Cause that's what they gave BAD back in the day Which actually made me not feel as bad now, 'cause If it happened to James It can happen to Shady They do the same shit to Brady More people hate me than love me This game will make you go crazy 'Bout to go for B-R-O-K-E I was the G, the O-A-T Once I was played in rotation At every radio station They said I'm lyrically amazing But I have nothing to say But then when I put out Revival and I had something to say They said that they hated the awake me I lose the rage, I'm too tame I get it back, they say I'm too angry I need to get me some Dre beats No, I should hook up with Tay Keith Fans keep on pulling me one way Haters pull me in another Got more hooks in me than Swae Lee 'Bout to pick up some weights and lift 'til my tattoo of Hailie's face stretches They said I'm just a whiner, I sound like a baby I dish it out but can't take it But I take it, dish it back out And they get all bent out of shape This shit's almost comical Wait, and I meant no disrespect I wasn't dissin' Tech, that was not a shot at 2 Chainz or to Jay-Z They probably feel the same way because lately Instead of us being credited for longevity And being able to keep it up for this long at this level, we Get told we'll never be what we were Bitch, if I was as half as good as I was I'm still twice as good as you'll ever be Only way that you're ahead of me's alphabetically 'Cause if you diss me I'm coming after you like the letter V Killing everything, play this tune, it's your eulogy It's your funeral, prepare to die This is music for you to be murdered by"}, "Unaccommodating (Ft.\u00a0Young\u00a0M.A)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Young M.A & Eminem] Oh, this what we doin'? Alright M.A  [Verse 1: Young M.A] I like a bitch that like to wobble, wobble Shake it,\u2005shake\u2005it, break it,\u2005break it, uh Nigga, we made it,\u2005made it, they hate it, hate it Pro professional, pure persistent, I'm paper chasing I hate complaining, I hated waiting, I'll pay for patience But I hate to pay a bill (Hate that) And I made a mil' without a major deal (I made that) Yeah, her ass fake, but she came for real (She came, uh) Money ain't a thing, that ain't a thing for real It's the broke lingo (Huh) And no, ain't nothing Saweetie, this is no Quavo (Migo) Man, I just get high, let my hoes lay low (Ooh) I just want some face but this is no facial (Ooh) Do right and kill er'body, Drake mode (Hello) Bitch, I'm tryna eat out, take your plate mode (Hello) Disrespect that life and I'm in gang mode (Grrr) You can leave this earth, bitch, I'm in rake mode (Huh) I'm in cake mode (Huh), I'm in brave mode, uh What up, Marshall? I'm a martian, I'm in Wayne mode (Facts) Neck wet, big drip, I'm in rain mode (Drip, drip, drip) Eight niggas, eight hittas, take eight souls (Brrr) Collect pesos (Huh), and I'm paid, so? (Paid) Self-made goals (Hey) When the pain leaves (Huh) Where does the pain go? (Where?) Tip of the backwood is where the flame goes (There) To the sky is where my brain goes (Wow) Same pack, same fiend, sellin' the same clothes (Wow) Pinocchio and my pistol, they got the same nose Me and my niggas gotta eat, we share the same stove (What?) Case closed, bodies in my lane, bitch, lane closed "}, "You Gon' Learn (Ft.\u00a0Royce\u00a0Da 5'9\" & White\u00a0Gold)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Chorus: White Gold] Pray you see tomorrow, little boy, you gon' learn All them pretty bitches leave yo' ass\u2005in\u2005the urn You ain't\u2005sold your last rock, you just\u2005better earn But I pray you see tomorrow, little boy, you gon' learn Pray you see tomorrow, little boy, you gon' learn All them pretty bitches leave yo' ass in the urn You ain't sold your last rock, you just better earn But I pray you see tomorrow, little boy, you gon' learn  [Verse 1: Royce da 5'9\"] I'm a product of properly hoppin' up out of that poverty Profitin' all for coppin' and swappin' that property out for a possible monopoly Tryin' not to adopt my father's old philosophies Same time I'm prayin' to God that everything works out at his colonoscopy I'm walkin' across a suicidal tightrope intentionally While the demons comin' out of me Wifey's on the side of me talkin' sense into me Without she, I feel incomplete mentally, she's been sent to me Right there since '9-6, worse nightmare to side chicks, some things are just meant to be This it for me, give my daughters a kiss for me Y'all call this fame, I call this shit alcoholistic infamy Targettin' my kids and babies through population and gun control Shit make me wanna make a hunnid more Make a bigot racist uncomfortable If y'all against talk and reparation then I'm not against the thought of separation While the politicians that are white and privileged ask how is this different from segregation, that's funny bro Segregation is bein' told where I'm gonna go Separation is bein' woke and goin' wherever I wanna go "}, "Alfred (Interlude)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Spoken] How do you do? Ladies and gentlemen My name is Alfred Hitchcock and this is Music\u2005To\u2005Be Murdered By It\u2005is mood music in a jugular\u2005vein So why don't you relax? Lean back and enjoy yourself Until the coroner comes"}, "Those Kinda Nights (Ft.\u00a0Ed\u00a0Sheeran)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Bizarre & Ed Sheeran] Damn, girl, with your sexy ass, haha Let me holla at you D.A. got that dope It's one\u2005of\u2005those kinda nights  [Verse 1: Eminem, Ed Sheeran & Bizarre] Yes,\u2005this beat\u2019s takin' me back to\u2005my D12 days When we hit the club to go and hell-raise Probably end up baggin' the cocktail waitress And takin\u2019 her straight back to the Motel-8 Yeah, Bizarre's tryna get a lap dance Off a Xanax and Jack Dan' (Ayo) Stripper walk by, I'm like \"Goddamn\" She's like \"That's harassment,\" I'm like \"Yeah, and?\" (Woo) Holy Toledo, it's Miss Ohio That\u2019s the best ass I\u2019ve seen in a while We should be datin', she\u2019s from Cleveland But she's a bengal, this chick is catty Is that a mini-skirt if it's a maxi? That's the shortest thing for a dress since an addy (Since an addy) She said \"Fuck off\" and threw her liquor at me It\u2019s one of those kinda nights Then I said, I said  [Chorus: Ed Sheeran] If you wanna go hard tonight Well then, the smoke and the bottle are on me, ah Slip into that red dress you like When we arrive, we probably won't leave, ah I love the way you move like that When you push your body on mine, oh my You wanna smoke, drink, dance until the sunrise It's one of those kinda nights "}, "In Too DeepLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1] \"This could never work,\" is what we said at first But whatever this is, it's working But\u2005we're\u2005in two different\u2005worlds and (Yeah) I'm not your husband\u2005(Nah), you ain't my girlfriend All I know is that (What?) When I'm with you, I'm a different person, yeah And I ain't never met a chick as perfect Girl, you're a ten, so here I am (Yeah) Laying here with her again Thinking 'bout you She's asleep, you're texting me around two Crying face emoji, you say, \"This is me without you\" We're sneaking out to meet at cheap hotel rooms or Sex in the car, then I'll text you tomorrow Do I question it? Nah, no objection at all 'Cause both of us are still involved, so As I'm peelin' off, all I'm thinking 'bout is  [Chorus] I'm not happy here (Nah), with her Rather have you (Yeah), rather have me too 'Cause you're not happy there (You're not happy there), with him Rather have me (I know, but), we\u2019re just in too deep  [Verse 2] You're laying there with him, thinking 'bout me He's asleep, you say, \"Let's meet around three\" You went to leave the house, he caught you sneaking out, now he's freaking out You thought he was sleepin' soundly, woah You say you're going for a drive, you don't question him When he stumbles in, like, \"Where the fuck you've been?\" Then you pump his ear with what he wants to hear Tell him you love him, yeah, wipe each other's tears But it's been a couple years since we been doin' dirt You or my girl, don't wanna see either of you get hurt But now the lines are getting super blurred Can't tell if I'm cheating on her with you or cheating on you with her But really, nobody's at fault, can't help who you love Hope they don't overhear us talk 'Cause we both are getting sloppy Probably subconsciously part of me's hoping we get caught 'cause "}, "Godzilla (Ft.\u00a0Juice\u00a0WRLD)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Ugh, you're a monster  [Verse 1: Eminem] I can swallow a bottle of alcohol and I'll feel like Godzilla Better\u2005hit\u2005the deck like\u2005the card dealer My whole squad's in\u2005here, walking around the party A cross between a zombie apocalypse and B-Bobby \"The Brain\" Heenan which is probably the Same reason I wrestle with mania Shady's in this bitch, I'm posse'd up Consider it to cross me a costly mistake If they sleepin' on me, the hoes better get insomnia ADHD, Hydroxycut Pass the Courvoisier (Hey, hey) In AA with an AK, melee, finna set it like a playdate Better vacate, retreat like a vacay, mayday (Ayy) This beat is cray-cray, Ray J, H-A-H-A-H-A Laughing all the way to the bank, I spray flames They cannot tame or placate the  [Chorus: Juice WRLD with Eminem] Monster You get in my way, I'ma feed you to the monster (Yeah) I'm normal during the day, but at night, turn to a monster (Yeah) When the moon shines like Ice Road Truckers I look like a villain outta those blockbusters Godzilla, fire spitter, monster Blood on the dance floor, and on the Louis V carpet Fire, Godzilla, fire, monster Blood on the dance floor, and on the Louis V carpet "}, "DarknessLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] I don't wanna be alone, I don't wanna be  [Chorus] I don't wanna be alone in the\u2005darkness I\u2005don't wanna be\u2005alone in the darkness I don't wanna\u2005be alone in the darkness anymore (Hello, darkness, my old friend)  [Verse 1] Here I am, alone again Can't get out of this hole I'm in It's like the walls are closin' in You can't help me, no one can I can feel these curtains closin' I go to open 'em But something pulls 'em closed again (Hello, darkness, my old friend) Feels like I'm loathing in Las Vegas Haven't got the vaguest why I'm so lost But I'd make you this small wager If I bet you I'll be in tomorrow's paper Who would the odds favor? (Hello, darkness, my old friend) I'm so much like my father, you would think that I knew him I keep pacin' this room, Valium, then chase it with booze One little taste, it'll do Maybe I'll take it and snooze, then tear up the stage in a few (Hello, darkness, my old friend) Fuck the Colt 45, I'ma need somethin' stronger If I pop any caps, it better be off of vodka Round after round after round, I'm gettin' loaded (Haha) That's a lot of shots, huh? (Double entendre) (Hello, darkness, my old friend) "}, "Leaving Heaven (Ft.\u00a0Skylar\u00a0Grey)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Yeah (I knew this day was coming) Sometimes, you gotta come back down (It's all going\u2005to\u2005hell now, man) Stoop\u2005to someone's level (Yeah)  [Verse 1: Eminem] Five dozen flies\u2005buzzin' over your head Call me the Grim Reaper, sleep is my cousin You're dead to me now and I'ma be the last face you see 'Fore you die 'cause in (Yep) My eye are tigers and I'm a survivor so I will rise up and (What?) Be triumphant 'cause when I'm looking at my legacy (Leg, I see) Bunch of dogs tryna dry hump it Like Triumph The Puppet, so I'm like, \"Fuck it\" Pile the carnage up 'til it's so high, it's touching the sky Let 'em all line up and attack Single filing up in the stack Call 'em toy soldiers (Yeah) 'Cause they just wind up on their backs Now the sky's nothing but black But I am not coming back, I done told ya I told the woke me to go to sleep But still, they keep on provoking me They're hoping to see me completely broken emotionally But how in the fuck am I not supposed to be woke When these fuckers just keep poking me? Now "}, "Yah Yah (Ft.\u00a0Black\u00a0Thought, Denaun, Q-Tip & Royce\u00a0Da 5'9\")Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: dEnAun] Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah (People) Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah (Bitches) Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah\u2005(Animals) Yah,\u2005yah, yah, yah,\u2005yah  [Verse 1: Royce da 5'9\"] Bumstickitty, bumstickitty, bum huh I got that\u2005old rum-pum-pum-pum A punk'll jump up to get him a beat down At least sound, I sound like these clowns, like he sound My flow all over the place, four-four in the waist, I'm so, so innovative Po-po in the way, I'll roll over 'em and make bacon And call 'em a pig, won't you hop up off of my dick? Words in the way, I'm at loss by him I give you a JFK on the front lawn of MLK in the crossfire (Get down, nigga) I have evolved into the lost diaries of the mob and the Rothschilds (C'mon) I feel like God broke the vials and I am just layin' down inside 'em like caulk and tile (Q-Tip)  [Chorus: Q-Tip, Royce da 5'9\" & dEnAun] Man, here we go I said that we live in the land of criminal My era, my era, my era so original Uh-huh, I survived it and that's a miracle, ah, man 'Cause I'm from Slaughterhouse (People), check yourself Like Ice Cube said, \"Before you wreck yourself\" (Bitches) Like Wu-Tang said, \"You should protect yourself\" (Animals) I got 'em goin' Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah (Get down, nigga) Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah "}, "Stepdad (Intro)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Skit] Get up Dad, what? What'd I fuckin' tell you about turnin' off the lights? (What, what? I\u2005didn't\u2005do it) Don't fuckin'\u2005lie to me, I told you\u2005fuckin' don't touch, turn the fuckin' lights off (Stop, I didn't do it) Don't you fuckin' lie, you little fucker (No, ah, ah) Don't you fuckin' lie to me (Stop)"}, "StepdadLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Ayo (This a song about) My, my stepdad (Let's see if this ever happened to you) I, I hate My,\u2005my\u2005stepdad  [Verse 1] One thing that\u2005sticks in my craw When I was\u2005six and I saw my stepfather hittin' my Ma Socked her right in her eyeball I'm startin' to think I'm psychotic With all the pictures I draw of Shit that I've already witnessed, it\u2019s probably twisted my thoughts All I can hear is drama with Mom and him I can always hear 'em arguin' down the hallways The walls are thin so the noise is startin' to feel like the norm Our dog pissed on the carpet, he stomped it so hard Doctors had to put it down He killed my chihuahua, this motherfucker!  [Chorus] I, I, hate My, my stepdad (Stepdad) So tonight I'm sayin', \"Bye-bye stepdad\" (Stepdad) "}, "MarshLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] My name is Marsh and this world, I'm out of it (Out of it) 'Cause with\u2005all\u2005this A-B-C shit,\u2005I'm starting to sound like ALF\u2005a bit Ha, I kill me, this medicine's counterfeit I was mislead by the sound of it, how am I gonna get turnt up on this Valium shit? (Yeah)  [Verse 1] Checked in at the Royal Garden To chill and avoid my problems Until paranoia caused me To feel like I'm going bonkers For real, think my toilet's talkin' I spilled like, like forty bottles Of pills, think your boy is startin' To feel like a spoiled carton of milk 'Cause it just occurred My girl's cheatin', I'm kickin' that fucking bitch to the curb But the word \"fucking\" ain't meant to be a descriptive word The type of bitch she is, ain't no adjective, it's a verb Ho thinks her snatch is magical But that's how she attracts men, though Traps 'em and attack similar to an actual arachnid Or a vaginal tarantula or black widow In fact, it'll be nothin' to throw that lil' bitch with a capital B out the back window Of the black Cadillac limo like a whack demo When I'm strapped, when I spit rapid, like a ratchet A halfwit, I'll aim at, then I'll Been fire bitch, I can outrap Reynolds A pad and pen'll be great, but a napkin'll do Return of the whack sicko Head spinnin' like Invisibl Skratch Piklz Yeah, Shady's back, see the bat signal It's time to go bat shit, like you accidentally ate a Louisville slugger and crapped it I'd like to introduce myself Hi there, bitch... "}, "Never Love AgainLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1] I could be with anybody, I choose you Still, it's no excuse to abuse you But no\u2005one\u2005knows what I'm\u2005goin' through, so I'd use you To\u2005be truthful, I wouldn't know what to do if I lose you So I refuse to, might have a screw loose and a fuse blew But I think I might be buildin' up a tolerance to you 'Cause one minute I'm hollerin', \"Screw you\" Next, I take it back, guess you can say I'm tryna unscrew you But the shit's about to pop off, yeah, I feel you up Then I got you totally open as soon as I take your top off You're so hard to resist, you knock my socks off My friends say you're bad for me, hogwash  [Chorus] I'll never love again The way I loved you Did you find someone new? Are you doin' this with them? 'Cause I remember when Still remember when you was mine, yeah We were inseparable at one time, yeah You know my love for you was undying, yeah Used to always have my back  [Verse 2] Some days it feels like you're all that I have That's why I'm tryna hold onto you for as long as I can And you just want me for my money so I got you wrapped all in saran Damn, talk about eatin' out the palm of my hand But if not for my financials I wouldn't have you anyways, there have been ample Plenty days, where I'm just in a daze and I can't pull Myself up out this rut and you're so much of a handful I can only take so much of you all at one time Because too much of you's just too much to swallow sometimes Gotta take you in doses, but when you're not at my side I shake in convulsions, separation anxiety 'cause we may be the closest Yeah, baby, we hopeless, don't we make an atrocious Combination? We know, it's like playin' with explosives Quite dangerous though, but my brain's in hypnosis Such a wide range of emotions Migraines, but why the fuck am I takin' these MOTRINs? Ibuprofens, like a drop of rain in the ocean And you're my fix on the days when I'm broken But the shit's about to go sideways, I just know it "}, "Little EngineLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Alfred Hitchcock] I trust that everyone is enjoying the music As the title of the album suggests This was\u2005meant\u2005for your listening\u2005pleasure While you are being done in  [Verse 1] Call\u2005this evil intent, like me in a limo (Yeah) Like the shade in these windows Smoke gray, ladies go mental But no way they can see in though (Nah) OJ blade is a pencil (Yeah) Propane tank in my cranium Code-name Titanium Temple I almost swallowed my car I call my Mercedes a Benzo Bitch, I ball like a baby Ball like J, but not Jay as in Jay-Z, J as in Leno 'Cause I got a huge mansion No, huge man chin, new Manson, loose cannon Too scandalous, Sue Atkins The kinda crazy you can\u2019t fix I'm still the one that your parents hate I'm in your house eating carrot cake While I sit there and wait and I marinate I\u2019m irritated, you 'bout to meet a scary fate And come home to find yourself starin' straight into a fuckin' barrel like Sharon Tate Dre's on concerto while I narrate Yeah, you be on the straight and narrow like a fuckin' arrow shape I be on a higher plane in aerospace With so much leg-room and air space on this airplane Unlike you 'cause you're on a flight too, but it\u2019s a staircase "}, "Lock It Up (Ft.\u00a0Anderson\u00a0.Paak)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Anderson .Paak] Yeah, like that Okay, yeah  [Verse 1: Anderson .Paak & Eminem] Say, bro, (Yeah) where you get them from? Detroit? (Yeah) That machine gun,\u2005spray\u2005boy And it's gon'\u2005hit some New coupe? (Ooh) Been whippin'\u2005'em New boobs? (Yeah) Where you get them done? Payroll (Nice), might put you on a table And spread you out like some Yayo (I'm naughty, yah) No, bitch (Oh), you don't know shit (No) You just want all my money, ah I was hopeless (Oh), now I'm focused (No) Where the fuck is the party at? Now hold this (Oh), oh shit (Oh) That's it (Yeah), so sick (Oh) No shit (Oh) Damn, I'm (Yeah) getting too fuckin' old for this (Yeah)  [Verse 2: Eminem] But still as explosive with, just load the clip Two pistols on hip, both are gripped I hold them at shoulder width Took a stab in the dark and broke the tip Of my knife off, but your throat is slit 'Cause I'm cutthroat to the utmost with it The ultimate I just let the poker chips fall where they were supposed to fit Now those days are over, scrapin' change in sofas Tryna save at Kroger (Yeah) So why would I give a fuck about backstabbin' Trader Joe for? How 'bout that, I'm paid as Oprah Think I may have broke the scale 'Cause the wait is over But wait, wait, hold up, 'cause they say I almost "}, "FarewellLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Ricky Racks For what it's worth You were a slut at birth If the world had a dick You'd\u2005fuck\u2005the Earth I tried\u2005to get over you It doesn't work You're\u2005still a cunt I'm still a fucking jerk  [Verse 1] Same as it ever was, yeah Say it'll change but it never does Ain't gonna ever 'cause You're the cause of my pain and the medicine Never met someone who played games with my head as much Fate tethered us together like two felons Must've fell in love with skeletons Everyone's got 'em, thought that you were Cinderella but (Yeah) Feels like I slept with the (Uh) wicked stepmother But how the hell am I Still in love with the motherfucking chick there's at least a million of? They say love the one you with But this shit is killing us Our love's on some other shit I'm a glutton for punishment You're the gloves, I'm the punching mitts It's above and beyond us Cuffing, I'm shoving the girl I love inside of an oven If I catch you sucking another dick You better unsuck it, you snuck in the crib and tried to jump under the covers again Why am I tucking you in? Probably 'cause "}, "No Regrets (Ft.\u00a0Don\u00a0Toliver)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem & Don Toliver] (Oh, oh, yeah) Yeah You know, if I had a chance to do it all over\u2005again\u2005(Oh, oh) I wouldn't\u2005change shit (Oh, oh) D.A. got that\u2005dope I'm screamin' out no regrets  [Chorus: Don Toliver] You been through the hardest spot, ego the largest, I made you a star (I'm screamin' out no regrets) I been movin' slowly, tryna play it low, the 'Vette look like a storm (Screamin' out no regrets) Put you through dumb shit, got you thinkin' I run shit (I ain't havin' regrets) I've been feeling so alone, just like I'm so lost, just like I'm\u2014  [Verse 1: Eminem & Don Toliver] Yeah, they miss the old me I think they want me to OD on codeine They want my life in turmoil like in '03 They want front row seats, I give 'em nosebleeds They want me imploding, exploding, self-loathing, eroding I'm screaming at 'em with no regrets and I'm hulking I'm rippin' out of my clothing I had to go see the doc like Kool Moe Dee (Yeah) Never took much to convince Dre Never been swayed by color or skin shades Since day one, Hellraiser with twin blades of a sensei Givin' up, no comprende (Woo) Tin brain, prolly fucked in the membrane Slim Sha\u2014 mind's in the gutter, but insane Pen game like I just struck in the tenth frame (Screamin' out no regrets) Yeah, I live on the edge, I sit on the ledge To shit on your heads, I been on the bench Forgive and forget is the only thing I'd ever live to regret Hell-bent on revenge, you left me for dead I crawled out my grave, you better be ready and set My enemies ain't put an end to me yet (I'm screamin' out no regrets) "}, "I Will (Ft.\u00a0Joell\u00a0Ortiz, KXNG\u00a0Crooked & Royce\u00a0Da 5'9\")Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] And I don't think that I can stop it (Here it comes) I do my best\u2005to\u2005try to block\u2005it (Redrum) I've been sipping on like,\u2005vodka (Head's numb) I'm blacking out, you better watch it (It's bedlam)  [Chorus: Eminem] I thought I heard a voice in my head that said \"Kill\" I had no other choice that was left except fill My pencil full of poisonous lead, the devil He wants me to murder this beat, so I will He told me there are doubters who question my skill They wanna put my style to the test, am I still The best? They want the crown on my head, I said, \"Chill If you want me to murder this beat, then I will\"  [Verse 1: Royce da 5'9\"] I'm a long way away from where you are in skill Foreign wheels, my bitch wearin' four-inch heels She on the orange pill And she about to start taking off layers like orange peels Sacha Baron Cohen, Ferrell, where am I going with this? Oh yeah, I bar at will And when you throw the iron in it, I'm all that still The truth for real, I'm real true, call that trill This is my house, this place is mine Posted on any corner on any coast I'm on You niggas need to leave that lean, Henny, and coke alone Terror to the business, married to the strippers, T-Pain Student of the game pre-Kane, you niggas Post Malone Elite beatboxer minus the raps Rollin' with at least three choppers, Ryan is that I literally keep three shottas I'm lyrically James Todd, Tariq Trotter minus the cap "}, "Alfred (Outro)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Interlude] This concludes our danse macabre Portions of the proceeding were recorded As for the rest of it,\u2005I'm\u2005very much afraid\u2005it was all in your mind I\u2005don't intend to indulge in any post-mortem If you haven't been murdered, I can only say Better luck next time If you have been, goodnight wherever you are"}}, "Revival": {"Walk on Water (Ft.\u00a0Beyonc\u00e9)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Chorus: Beyonc\u00e9 & Eminem] I walk on water But I ain't no Jesus I walk on water But only when it freezes (Fuck)  [Verse 1: Eminem] Why are expectations so high? Is it the bar I set? My arms, I stretch, but I can\u2019t reach A far cry from it, or it's in my grasp, but as Soon as I grab, squeeze I lose my grip like the flying trapeze Into the dark I plummet, now the sky's blackening I know the mark\u2019s high, butter- \u200bflies rip apart my stomach Knowin' that no matter what bars I come with You're gonna harp, gripe, and That's a hard Vicodin to swallow, so I scrap these As pressure increases like khakis I feel the ice cracking, because\u2014  [Chorus: Beyonc\u00e9 & Eminem] I walk on water But I ain't no Jesus (It's the curse of the\u2014, it's the curse of the\u2014) I walk on water (Shit) But only when it freezes "}, "BelieveLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1] And I started from the bottom Like a snowman\u2014ground-up Like round chuck, and still put hands on you Stayin' wound up is how I spend time (Get it?) Sucker free, confidence high Such a breeze when I pen rhymes I just got that air about me like wind chimes (Yeah) 'Nother day in the life (Uh) Used to have to scrape to get by (Yeah) Now my community's gated and I Made it and my neighbors say hi (Say hi) I'm givin' 'em pounds, I'm upscale now Guess it means I'm way in the sky (Way in the sky) But I still remember the days of Minimum wage for general labor Welfare recipient since a minor Look how government assistance has made ya! Adversity, if at first you don't succeed Put your temper to more use 'Cause bein' broke's a poor excuse That should only give you more fuel Show 'em why you're you So close, God, it's like I almost got it But close only counts in time bombs and horseshoes So I Unabomb shit\u2014tick, tick, tick\u2014no remorse, pew! Screw it, I'm lit, and that attitude I blew up on quick That's why they call me firecracker I grew up on WIC\u2014wick, wick, wick\u2014with a short fuse I got some important news to report to Anyone who thought I was done: nah bitch, not quite Spotlight's back on, got my faith, where's yours? "}, "Chloraseptic (Ft.\u00a0PHresher)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1: Eminem] Instinctive nature to bring the anguish (Yeah) To the English language With this ink, you haters get rode on like a piece of paper (Haha) This rap shit got me travelin' place to place, you barely leave your house (House) 'Cause you're always stuck at your pad (Pad), it's stationary Yeah, that's why when I brainstorm, gotta write it out (Write it out) Simon Cowell of rhymin' foul, that's why you sound so shook Wire bound notebook got tied around your throat Hook it inside your mouth, go \u2014 \"Hrruh\" That's what it's like when the mic is out 'Cause I'm tearin' at your flesh with it (Flesh with it) 'Til your larynx and neck are split With these lyrics, weapons, expert with (Expert with) Like hair extensions, extra clips (Extra clips) And you're scared to effin' death of it (Death of it) Bitch, you're starin' at a legend that (Legend that) In a pair of Skechers, sweatshirt ripped (Sweatshirt ripped) And hoodie black, should be strapped To a chair or stretcher, electric, swear on every record, bitch (Record, bitch) Finger so high in the air, I'll bet your senses flip (Senses flip) Like a barometric pressure switch (Pressure switch) Carin' less who I offend with this (With this) I'm at your neck like Pez dispense (Pez dispense) Go 'head, spit your flow, bitch! "}, "UntouchableLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Part I]  [Intro] Hands up, officer don't shoot Then pull your pants up, promise you won't loot We may never understand each other, it's no use We ain't ever gonna grasp what each other goes through  [Verse 1] Black boy, black boy, we ain't gonna lie to you Black boy, black boy, we don't like the sight of you Pull up on the side of you Window rolled down, 'profile' Then we wonder why we see this side of you Probably comin' from the dope house We could let you slide but your tail light is blew, out We know you're hidin' that Heidi Klum On you another drug charge, homie, it's back inside for you And just in case a chase might ensue, we got that tried and true Pistol drew right at you, we'd be delighted to unload it In your back, then walk up and lay that taser on the side of you Fucked up, but what the fuck am I to do? I keep tellin' myself, keep doin' like you're doin' No matter how many lives you ruin It's for the red, white and blue Time to go find a new one and split his head right in two No one's ever indicted you Why? 'Cause you're a... "}, "River (Ft.\u00a0Ed\u00a0Sheeran)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Chorus: Ed Sheeran] I've been a liar, been a thief Been a lover, been a cheat All my sins need holy water, feel it washing over me Well, little one, I don't want to admit to something If all it's gonna cause is pain Truth and my lies right now are falling like the rain So let the river run  [Verse 1: Eminem] He's comin' home with his neck scratched, to catch flack Sweat jackets and dress slacks, mismatched On his breath's Jack, he's a sex addict And she just wants to exact revenge and get back It's a chess match, she's on his back like a jet-pack She's kept track of all his Internet chats And guess who just happens to be movin' on to the next Actually, just shit on my last chick and she has what my ex lacks 'Cause she loves danger, psychopath And you don't fuck with no man's girl, even I know that But she's devised some plan to stab him in the back Knife in hand, says their relationship's hangin' by a strand So she's been on the web lately Says maybe she'll be my Gwen Stacy, to spite her man And I know she's using me to try to play him, I don't care Hi Suzanne, but I shoulda said \"Bye Suzanne\" After the first night, but tonight I am "}, "Remind Me (Intro)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Yeah Damn, girl Do I drive you crazy? You make me crazy, too You make me do things I normally wouldn't do You make me feel things That I never felt You gotta be the real thing \u2019Cause you remind me of myself"}, "Remind MeLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1: Eminem] Yo! I bust in, devilish grin, disgustin' Asshole, freckled cheeks and a butt-chin Callin' all party animals, get On the floor when I pop up on some Whac-A-Mole shit In search of a chick who's stacked and so thick And implants are so big She can hang me up on that rack, big ol' tits Like Anna Nicole Smith Body's bananas and sass to go with I spot you at first glance and go \"shit!\" You wearin' those pants that don't fit That butt won't ever give up That's why you stick it out no matter what, huh? 'Cause you got an ass that won't quit So, get on the horn, my saxophone Grab hold of my instrument, get a grasp, and blow \"whee\" You just laugh and go heehee 'Cause you're just as nasty so that's appropriate That's why\u2014  [Chorus: Eminem / Joan Jett & the Blackhearts] I love you, 'cause you remind me of me That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me (Yeah, me) I said I love you, 'cause you remind me of me That's why I love you, 'cause you're like me, nasty (Yeah, me) "}, "Revival (Interlude) (Ft.\u00a0Alice\u00a0and the Glass Lake)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse: Alice and the Glass Lake] I've drowned and high from the ashes Now, I can't recall your laughter The smoke of every single grasp at the ends Oh, what's left over And the lights in every broken, blown-out window Scream of nothing I want to feel it coursing out This is our revival"}, "Like Home (Ft.\u00a0Alicia\u00a0Keys)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Yeah, shout to everybody Who's been on this trip with me You don't have to, agree But if you feel like me  [Verse 1: Eminem] Someone get this Aryan a sheet Time to bury him, so tell him to prepare to get impeached Everybody on your feet This is where terrorism and heroism meet, square off in the street This chump barely even sleeps All he does is watch Fox News like a parrot and repeats While he looks like a canary with a beak Why you think he banned transgenders from the military with a tweet? He's tryin' to divide us This shit's like a cult, but like Johnny he'll only unite us 'Cause nothin' inside us drives us like this fight does Similar to when two cars collide 'cause Our spirit's crushed and this spot's a tight one But here the jaws of life come To pull us from the wreckage, that's what we get pride from When we can\u2019t from our stars and stripes 'cause This type of pickle that we're in is hard to deal But there's always tomorrow still If we start from scratch like a scab, get the scars to heal And band together for Charlottesville And for Heather, fallen heroes, fill this wall with murals Nevada get up, hit the damn resetter Let's start from zero, this is our renewal Spray tan, get rid of, get a brand new, better America, and here's to where it all\u2014 "}, "Bad Husband (Ft.\u00a0X\u00a0Ambassadors)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1: Eminem] We never saw from each other's sides, or eye to eye Just eye for eye, lie for lie, fight or flight So much baggage, need a luggage rack But we carry on with our public spats and our feuds Up back in the news, love taps when I dissed you Like it was fun, actually used to run back to the booth Jump back in the studio, give you a tongue-lashing, then you Laughed at the stomach tat with the tombstone It was funny back in our youth But then it wasn\u2019t after we knew That we were done and actually through (And actually through) But if there's one fraction of truth If it could be spun back I would do So many things different (Things different) 'Cause it was such a dumbass excuse You hit me once and that I would use To continue the pattern of abuse Why did I punch back? Girls, your dad is a scumbag, I\u2019m confused Because\u2014  [Chorus: X Ambassadors] How come you can be a lord and a loser? How come, how come, you can be a liar and a good father? A good dad, but a bad husband Why are you a good father? A great dad, but a bad husband "}, "Tragic Endings (Ft.\u00a0Skylar\u00a0Grey)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1: Skylar Grey] I'm stumbling, I can\u2019t see straight And it's my fault I got this way I got my hands on something great And found a way to mess it up I did my best, I tried to change But it's just in my DNA I got my hands on something great And found a way to fuck it up again  [Refrain: Skylar Grey] Now I\u2019m the one thing You couldn't hate more But you're the one thing That I would die for  [Verse 2: Eminem] All my life, I was told, I was never nothing special I don't need to be reminded of it every other second 'Specially when all my self-esteem's Already shot to hell, I'm falling helplessly I'm embarrassed, I don\u2019t want no one else to see \u2019Cause I feel like I'm a piece of shit every time she yells at me Selfishly addicted, definitely doesn\u2019t help that she Makes me feel like I've died and gone to heaven But makes life a living hell for me She does that thing with her lip, now she's melting me I'm putty in her palms, I\u2019m wrapped around her finger A yo-yo on a string, she lets me sit there and just dangle Until something better comes along And she'll just drop me like a hot potato I look like I'm in pain, but I'm okay though 'Cause I know she loves me\u2014my friends, what do they know? "}, "FramedLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1] Feeling kinky, lip syncing to Too $hort's \"Freaky Tales\" (Biatch!) Having creepy visions of whiskey drinking And envisioning sneaking into where Christie Brinkley dwells I know this is risky thinking but I wanna stick her like she's decals But when murdering females Better pay attention to these details or you could be derailed Better wear at least three layers of clothing or be in jail If you get scratched because your DNA'll Be all up under her fingernails Man, he hears you, I don't think he cares He gives a fuck, even his pinky swears Three personalities burstin' out of me, please beware Her TV blares, can't hear the creaking stairs She's unaware in no underwear, she's completely bare Turns around and screams, I remember distinctly I said \"I'm here to do sink repairs.\" Chop her up, put her body parts In front of Steven Avery's trailer and leave 'em there  [Chorus] But hey man, I was framed I know what this looks like, officers Please just give me one minute I think I can explain I ain't murdered nobody I know these words are so nutty But I'm just here to entertain How come your shirt is so bloody? There's a missing person, so what? He's Got nothin' to do with me I'm almost certain I was framed "}, "Nowhere Fast (Ft.\u00a0Kehlani)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Chorus: Kehlani] Ashes blowin' in the air Our world\u2019s on fire, but we don't care, yeah Wasted youth, always on the road Never lookin' back and we\u2019re never gettin' old 'Cause the skies are black But our heart's made of gold Fuck doin' what you're told We're goin' nowhere fast  [Verse 1: Eminem] I feel sorry for this beat, sympathy pains for this track This road is takin\u2019 me back Down memory lane with this rap I can still look out in this crowd, be wowed and be taken aback I\u2019m simply stating a fact I had Wembley Stadium packed But now we're on a path headed to nowhere and fast Another terrorist attacks Like a tariff, blows half of Madison Square up, alas We perish in the blast But that isn\u2019t scaring us, we pass Nowhere we're fearless, 'cause we're just\u2014  [Pre-Chorus: Kehlani & Eminem] Ashes blowin\u2019 in the air Our world's on fire, but we don't care, yeah (We don't give a\u2026\u00a0no, no) Wasted youth, always on the road Never lookin' back and we're never gettin' old 'Cause the skies are black But our heart's made of gold (Golden) Fuck doin' what you're told (What we're told) We're goin' nowhere fast "}, "HeatLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: John C. Reilly] Wanna take it from the top?  [Verse 1: Eminem] Lady, you remind me of my raps on that Relapse shit 'Cause you got an ass thick as them accents Two ass-cheek implants, call that an asset 'Cause you could set a glass on it, it's massive From the first time I saw you, I actually Said to myself: \"I gotta meet her\" like a taxi Exactly, love affair in the backseat Sorry if I'm being graphic But I'm stiff as a statue you sat on a shelf I feel like I'ma bust, maybe I'm just ahead of myself Let me slow down, slow your Camaro I'm tryna catch up, I'm tryna jump your bones to the marrow Got me under your control and your spell Wanna wrap you up, put you in a bow like an arrow Grab you by the (Meow!), hope it's not a problem, in fact About the only thing I agree on with Donald is that So when I put this palm on your cat Don't snap, it's supposed to get grabbed Why you think they call it a snatch? I just wanna climb in the sack I'ma keep it a hundred like my speedometer's at I'm watchin' you rap, I'm the dude followin' back About six cars, I'm in the 'lac, and I wanna fack "}, "OffendedLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1: Eminem] You claim if you get knocked by the cops You'll give 'em not even a statement Walk in the arraignment Shoot the bailiff, karate kick the plaintiff Gotti with the stainless I'll just call it shoddy entertainment If y'all was in the party gettin' faded On molly, had the audience sedated You wouldn't catch a body if it fainted Probably let it fall and hit the pavement But you'd be the first lobbyin' to claim it Bitch, stop bein' a lame Your hobby isn\u2019t robbery and dismemberin' body limbs Like you was Tommy Lynn Sells And chainsawin' them in the basement Hardly fits your job description, ain't nobody dippin' Out the back of the club like, \"Oh my God, he's trippin'!\" Only time you get the blade is Probably with the dang lawn equipment, ain't it? Wouldn't take a bobby pin and wave it I need to stop bein' debated You're still copyin', Xeroxing I'm still coppin' a feel Like Bill Cosby at will, poppin' a pill Then spill Oxys in Jill's coffee Then send her out to the hotel lobby A lil' wobbly and still groggy This blond fuck's reprehensible Misconducts, never sensible Kiss my butt, my set of principles Is gone, but 'til I get the President to respond My pen and pencil is a missile launcher And Senator Mitch McConnell\u2019s Just as big of a bitch as Donald\u2014 Shit's on, bruh! (Ha-ha) Let me sing this shit soprano While I do it pizzicato Ivanka, stiff-arm her while I'm hittin' on Melania And this song's for all ya "}, "Need Me (Ft.\u00a0P!nk)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1: P!nk] You're drunk, the carpet is burned I hate to find you like this I always find you like this I come home and clean up your mess What would you do without that? Why do I always come back? Oh, what I wouldn't do for you!  [Chorus: P!nk] And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me Maybe you need me Maybe you need me And I'm startin' to think that maybe you need me Maybe you need me Maybe you need me  [Verse 2: P!nk, P!nk & Eminem] Some nights I want to run for the hills It's never easy with you I cannot reason with you But your smile is as rare as it comes What would I do without that? Maybe that's why I come back Oh, what I wouldn't do for you! "}, "In Your HeadLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: The Cranberries] In your head, in your head Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie What's in your head, in your head Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie, oh  [Verse 1: Eminem] I'm packin' up my shit, as much shit in the car as I can fit And I'm just drivin' as far as I can get Away from these problems 'til all of my sorrows I forget What's tomorrow like? 'Cause tonight I'm startin' life again Get to the corner and stop, fuck am I goin'? Besides psycho when I fantasize startin' my whole life over Yeah right, oh and I might go and Get hypnotized so I don't even recognize no one I try to look alive but there's nothin' like holdin' Your head up high when you're dead inside and I just died, so in Case you're wonderin' why are my insides showin' 'Cause I done spilled all my guts and those are mine, so I'm Pickin' 'em up and stuffin' 'em back Fuck it, I've done enough in this rap shit Recovery brought me nothin' but back To right where I was and perhaps This coulda been my victory lap, if I wasn't on the verge of relapse  [Chorus: The Cranberries (Eminem)] What's in your head, in your head Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie What's in your head, in your head Zombie, zombie, zombie-ie-ie, oh (Yeah) "}, "CastleLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Chorus: Liz Rodrigues & Eminem] I built this castle Now we are trapped on the throne I'm sorry we\u2019re alone I wrote my chapter You'll turn the page when I'm gone I hope you\u2019ll sing along This is your song I just want you to know that I ain't scared Whatever it takes to raise you, I'm prepared To do whatever, to do whatever Uhh, December 1st, 1995, dear Hailie This is your song  [Verse 1: Eminem] You'll be coming out of Mommy's stomach soon I better do something quick if I'ma be able to support you I can barely support me, but as long as you're healthy That's all that matters for the time being But obviously assuming you will be Just thinking ahead, I\u2019ma make it if it kills me Let\u2019s see how far I can take it with this music I'm getting sick of chasing this illusion (Ha!) Sorry for sloppy writing The pen in my hand is shaking, please excuse me Dad\u2019s a little nervous, but at the same time excited If I use this same energy while I'm saying rhymes and write them With the same passion and the same exact enthusiasm As I'm using in this letter, maybe they can fuel me as I'm Trying to build these castles out of sand, baby girl For you to sit on the throne, I got plans, baby girl Welcome to Mom and Dad\u2019s crazy world Love, Daddy, maple-flavored kisses, buttered pancakes, and syrup (Haha) "}, "AroseLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Part I: Arose]  [Verse] If I could rewind time like a tape Inside a boombox,one day for every pill or Percocet that I ate Cut down on the Valium, I'da heard everything But death is turning so definite\u2014wait! They got me all hooked up to some machine I love you, Bean, didn't want you to know I was struggling Feels like I'm underwater submerged like a submarine Just heard that nurse say, my liver and kidneys aren't functioning Been flirtatious with death, skirt-chasing, I guess It's arrivederci, same nurse, just heard say they're unplugging me And it's your birthday, Jade, I'm missing your birthday Baby girl, I'm sorry, I fucking hate when you hurt, Hai And sweeties, thank you for waiting to open gifts But, girls, you can just open 'em Dad ain't making it home for Christmas Wish I had the strength to just blow a kiss I go to make a fist, but I can't make one, I'm frozen stiff I yell, but nothing comes out, I'm crying inside, I shout My vocal cords won't permit me, I scream, but it's not aloud You put your arm around Momma to calm her, wow I just thought about the aisle I'll never get to walk us down Never see you graduate in your caps and gowns It's 'bout to be 2008, how's this happening now? I've got so much more to do And, Proof, I'm truly sorry if I let you down, but this tore me in two The thought of no more me and you You gave me shoes, Nikes like new for me for school Doody, I'm trying, but you, you were the glue that binded So many things\u2014time, I'd give anything to rewind it I had to walk down my halls and constantly be reminded By pictures all on my walls and I couldn't sleep at night 'cause That image burned in my brain of you on that table Me falling across your body, not able to stand to save you God, why did you take him? I'm tryna keep his legacy alive, but I'm dying, where's Nathan? Little ladies, be brave, take care of your mother Smile pretty for pictures, always cherish each other I'll always love ya, and I'll be in the back of your memory And I know you'll never forget me Just don't get sad when remembering And, little bro, keep making me proud You better marry that girl 'cause she's faithfully down And when you're exchanging those sacred vows Just know that if I could be there, I would And should you ever see parenthood, I know you'll be good at it Oh, almost forgot to do something, thank my father too I actually learned a lot from you You taught me what not to do And, Mom, wish I'd have had the chance To have one last heart-to-heart honest and open talk with you Doody, I see you, I go to walk to you And I can feel my soul leave my body and float across the room Nurses lean over the bed, pulling tubes out Then the sheet over my head, shut the room down Girls, please don't get upset I see them cheeks soaking and wet As you squeeze hold of my neck, so forcibly, don't wanna let Me go, pillow drenched, emotional wrecks With every second, each closer to death But suddenly I feel my heart begin to beat slow Then a breath, machines go (*beep beep beep*) Must've guessed the cheat codes to this shit I'm tryna rewind time like a tape Find an escape, make a beeline, try and awake From this dream, I need to re-find my inner strength To remind me, even if a steep climb I must take To rewrite a mistake, I'm rewinding the tape [Part II: Castle Extended]  [Verse] (I don't want it!) I'll put out this last album, then I'm done with it One hundred percent finished, fed up with it I'm hanging it up, fuck it! Excuse the cursing, baby, but just know That I'm a good person, though they portray me as cold And if things should worsen, but I bet you they won't I'm pledging to throw this methadone in the toilet Shred these old letters I wrote All that old pathetic loathing, closing credits can roll I'm proud to be back I'm 'bout to, like a rematch, outdo Relapse With Recovery, Mathers LP2 Help propel me to victory laps Gas toward 'em and fast forward the past Consider them last four minutes as The song I'da sang to my daughters If I'da made it to the hospital less than two hours later, but I fought it And came back like a boomerang on 'em Now a new day is dawnin' I'm up, Tuesday, it's mornin'\u2014now I know (Haha) (*Toilet flush*)"}}, "The Death of Slim Shady (Coup De Gr\u00e2ce)": {"RenaissanceLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] *Spitting*  [Verse] With balls, in his durag, he sags, fearin' no man He stands, pen in his hand like Edward Scissorhands Who slices competition and just goes about his business Anyone who knows about him knows about his shindig Shenanigans, and all his wacky antics in the papers Shady's danglin' a baby tangled in a blanket, stranglin' And hangin' him over the railing by the ankles on some gangster shit Child endangerment, dark brain, arcane with it, Mark Twainin' it You aren't tamin' it, sharp pain in the heart Aimin' a bar, chamber to carve names in it Start sprayin' and start ravin' on beef, starved, cravin' it You're at arm's length, you're in harm's way of it 'Bout to show your ass why I'm still a pain in it You wanna know how I do it? I can't explain this shit Mechanic's brain with a pinch of Big Daddy Kane in it But I can show you the ropes 'til you get the hang of it Elephantiasis of the nuts, element Of Intelligent Hoodlum, Arrested Development Cella Dwellas and Wise Intelligent, since elementary Through Hell I went, accelerant from lack of melanin Failin' in school, smart aleck wit Helped me to rebel against shit so well and vent So eloquently, yet, I was irrelevant Soon as I quit givin' a fuck, I started to sell a bit Now let's travel inside the mind of a hater 'Cause I don't see no fans, all I see's a bunch of complainers \"Kendrick's album was cool, but it didn't have any bangers Wayne's album or Ye's, couldn't tell you which one was lamer Joyner's album was corny, Shady's new shit is way worse Everything is either too tame or there's too much anger I didn't like the beat, so I hated Might Delete Later\" You nerdy pricks would find somethin' wrong with 36 Chambers It's what they do to the greats Pick apart a Picasso and make excuses to hate So you can wait for your flowers until you're blue in the face Stupid, you ain't gonna get 'em until your funeral wake (Hm)"}, "Habits by\u00a0Eminem\u00a0& White GoldLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Been waitin' a long time for this shit (Ah) Long time no see (Ah) Thought you got rid of my ass, huh? (Let me go, you sick fuck) Alright, here's what we're gonna do (Piece of shit) You take this (No) Or I put a bullet between your fucking eyes (I don't wanna) Here (Fuck no) Then we'll split it (No)  [Verse 1: Eminem] Half an Ativan, I'm drivin' straight at a van In a black sedan, fast as I can In Pakistan gettin' chased by a pack of Stans You know how I roll, bitch (What?), I'm an avalanche This my shit, I'm gonna spit it how I wanna spit it Whoever gets offended, suck a dick and fuck a critic 'Bout to get retarded on this motherfuckin' shidit \"You can't say retarded,\" shut up, midget (The fuck?) And we've been tryna break the habit of sayin' any R-words (Yeah) But I'm still an addict, so it's getting hard\u0435r (Ah) Been callin' bitches \"hoes\" since a kind\u0435rgartner This is Jimmy Carter, now I'm kitty-cornered (What?) Sittin' in PC court with a shitty lawyer (Shit), like damn  [Chorus: White Gold & Eminem] You got an addiction, man (Ah) I know you can't get rid of me forever 'Cause you know that I'm prescription, man Goddamn, I miss you, Slim (Woo) You got an addiction, man I know you can't get rid of me forever 'Cause you know that I'm prescription, man Next time, I'll be in your vein (Yeah) "}, "TroubleLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Slim Shady & Eminem] Alright, here, drink this What is it? Shut up and drink it No I said drink it, bitch The fuck? (Haha) The fuck are you tryin' to do? Get us cancelled (Ayo)  [Verse: Slim Shady & Eminem] Fuck blind people (What?), and deaf people suck (Stop, yeah) So do cripples (No), dumb quadriplegic fucks With Christopher Reeve's luck (Woah, woah-woah-woah-woah) Shady, Jesus, what the fuck? Oh, here comes Marshall to try to clean this up (Shut up) What's the matter, Marshall? Your penis tucked? Aw, the big bad wapper just get his feewings hurt? Let me go, you bitch, huh, or what, genius, huh? You gonna cancel me, yeah? Gen-Z me, bruh? Little pussy, what's wrong? Thought you was dreaming, huh? When you gonna r\u0435alize that we fuckin' need each oth\u0435r?"}, "Brand New DanceLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro] Get up Everybody on the dance floor, come on That means you too, Chris Haha  [Verse 1] Well, it's Friday night, no date for the prom Just got caught jackin' off by your mom Suspended from school for settin' off the alarm Kim Jong keep screamin' he gon' drop the bomb But anyway, every day is the same old shiddit Room lookin' like a tornado hit it Try to explain, your parents, they don't get it Time to hit you with a funky dope rhythm Let it roll, if you ready, we gon' start the show Everybody in the world, all across the globe You can feel it in your head down to your toes Dance until you're wheelchair-bound, here we go Y\u0435ah, horseback, little do-si-do Little bit of soul mix\u0435d with some rodeo Everybody in the world's gonna laugh to this Shit, I'll probably end up crippled after this, come on  [Chorus] Clap your hands and stomp your feet Everybody, join together Can you feel the funky beat? Everywhere you see people laughing and Dancing in the street On the count of three, everybody do The Christopher Reeves One, two, three, follow me "}, "EvilLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1] Woke up with an attitude today Not in the mood to play (Nah) Might start a feud with Dre (Yeah) And ask him to shoot the fade (That's what I do) All I do is spray, spew the hate while I fuel the flames Who to blame for my screwed-up brain? You could say, in the booth, I'm A-human A-to-the-K (Aw) (Hailie, look) Look at them two little beautiful (Yeah) pewter-gray poodles, how cute are they? (The fuck?) Well, looks like them pooches are screwed today (I'm) Stuck in my ruthless ways (Yep), and I refus\u0435 to change (Yep) Nothin' to lose or gain (Nop\u0435), guess I just choose to stay  [Chorus] Evil (Yeah), I'm so evil Rotten to the core, a fuckin' twisted cerebral I'm so evil, so evil It's obvious that I am not like other people 'Cause I'm evil, I'm so evil Rotten to the core, a fuckin' twisted cerebral I'm so evil, so evil It's obvious that I am not like other people (Yeah)  [Verse 2] My medicine cabinet's big enough to fit a cab in it Tablets, I split like half of this capsule, it's travelin' like a javelin Through my abdomen, my stomach's unravelin' Might end up havin' Slim say some shit you feel fucked up for laughin' at, yeah And I'm phenomenal at it (What?), and that's problematic (What?) But if y'all fanatics (Huh?), maybe I'm your habit (Yeah) And I got all the dope (What?), so send me all them addicts (Get 'em all) And watch me shoot 'em up (Pew-pew) like semi-automatics (Come on) Slim snaps like a chin-strap Had my share of lows, yeah, now I'm the exact (What?) Opposite, just like a prostitute when she's gettin' smacked (Now) Pimp slaps, only way I'm hittin' my bottom, bitch (Yeah, take 'em back) I was five when they tried to say I stuck a live grenade Up inside of a microwave, I behave like a child, ayy Even when stakes are high as the price of an angus, I filet By the way, I think I just gave Skylar Gray hepatitis A (Ew) But when it's sink-or-swim, I just say, \"It's not me, it's him\" (Sorry) There's a demon who's deep within All I need is MD, or weed, or Henny, or Jim Beam, or R\u00e9my, or Seagram's Gin Just to get underneath your skin, I would like you to meet my twin "}, "All You Got (skit)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Skit: Eminem & Slim Shady] Man, why you doin' this? \u2019Cause you owe me How? 'Cause I gave you everything What? And what did\u2005you\u2005do? You walked\u2005away from me (Yeah, but\u2014) You too fuckin'\u2005blind to see I was good for you I made you, you were nothin\u2019 'til you found me How many times you tried to kill me? I always come back You can't outgrow me, you can't outthink me I'm all you got"}, "Lucifer by\u00a0Eminem\u00a0& Sly PyperLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem & Ron Palmer] The coup de gr\u00e2ce is the final shot Right between the eyes Also known (Haha) as the kill shot (People, yeah) Something to stop the pain (Woo) It feels so good to be bad Alright, here we go, alright, I'ma start this, I got it  [Verse 1: Eminem] Before I get banned, kicked off Twitter And TikTok 'cause they so damn ticked off, bitter They want me to bounce (Like what?) like a fabric softener We just got rid of Ye, go kick rocks with him (Ayy) But Dre on beats with the white-faced blondie on the mic Is like (What?) havin' Steady B and Cool C in the ride Like we rap and did a little bank robbery on the side So they want beef, we can make like Bonnie and collide Haters can meet the same exact fate as my dad, wait Least he didn't miss me graduate (Okay, yeah, great) But, Mom, do I still act eight? Uh, maybe a little, Debbie (What?) like a snack cake (Slut)  [Pre-Chorus: Eminem] But if this is what he do to his mom Imagine what he'd do to you, I'm a lunatic armed And if it's you I use the clip on, for you to respond Is ludicrous, ma, look at what your uterus spawned, Lucifer "}, "AntichristLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Part I]  [Intro: Eminem & Traci Nelson, Eminem] Marshall, he's the Antichrist He will slice and\u2014 The devil came to Michigan Oh, shit Fuck Fuckin' PC police Fuck  [Verse 1: Eminem] Gen Z, here they come now (Now) 'Bout to unload rounds (Brrt) Pronouns (Shit) Got me like, \"Woah now\" (Woah) Homie, let's slow down (Chill) No need to get so wound (Man) Ready to throw down (Yo) If I mispronounce (Thee, them) Whoops (Sorry), oh wow Got heterosexuals crammin' 'em down our throats now (He, she, they, them) Like I'm gettin' snow-plowed My humor's too low-brow (Yup) Yeah, so there's no doubt (Nope) You 'bout to get grossed out (Ugh) But fuck it though, somebody needs to come and hit the reset button Back to 2003 'cause how did we get stuck in This woke BS? I'm tryna make it regress, fuck 'em And I don't regret nothin' that's 'bout to be said, so fuck it, we can keep headbuttin' Still a grade-A prick, but the same way (What?) Cobain put the gauge to his brain, I'm goin' out with a bang, ayy (Yeah) Dang, Dre Look what you made me do, maybe you the one they should blame, they Say they wish that I wasn't so angry (Yeah) Don't wanna see me goin' off the deep end like Ye, ayy (No, nah) Rather see me do like Kim Kardashian, they say (Yeah) Yeah, and find a way to get rid of all of this rage, ayy (Haha) But if you wonder, \"Why is Marsh considered the harshest spitter?\" (Why?) 'Cause I can spit a bar like it's a Cross between Nas and GZA, Biggie Smalls, and RZA So hard, Megan Thee Stallion and Nicki Minaj'll scissor (Cut it out) You're still the press's wet dream (Yeah) Too many head shrinks (Oh) My head thinks foul, I've said things when jesting They should arrest me for my testes (Ah) The biggest in the South, West, East, North and catch be (Ah) Evidence swept clean With extreme lengths and steps being took to suppress things (Why?) Try not to get seen With Ben Affleck, me, and Seth Green hangin' on to the left wing Of Jeffrey Epstein's jet screamin', \"Hey, don't forget me\" (Haha) Shady as Bill, takin' the pill and putting it in your soft drink (Ah) Something's off and I don't know what the cause be (Yeah) But it's obvi', this water I'm in is scalding Ominous thoughts creep in my head and it's not me They brainwashed me (Marshall, Marshall) And that's all she wrote, yeah, that's why they call me "}, "Fuel by\u00a0Eminem\u00a0& JIDLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: JID] Smokin' trees, I\u2019m ridin' 'round Come to my side of town Lately, it\u2019s been goin', goin', goin', goin', goin' down (Look, uh, look)  [Verse 1: JID] All of my niggas gon' ride with it In the pocket, the rocket like Kellen Mond Mama told me the power was in the tongue But it probably ain't powerful as a gun All of you little cowards get devoured, I\u2019m givin\u2019 out flowers to anyone I ain't been out the house in a minute \u2019cause I ain't wit' it if the money is miniature I been mindin' my business, I\u2019m business-minded I been spendin' some time with the minister 'Cause them niggas spinnin' shit and still sinnin' in the City of God and it's sinister Try to pray and r\u0435pent in a synagogue or a mosque, a t\u0435mple, a church Them brown skin's sentiment niggas hurtin' And murder's a common courtesy, for certainly R.I.P. be on the shirt, search, lurk, murk, squirt, dirt, first (Forty-eight) My nigga doin' four plus eight without a court date Talked the other day, he say he doin' okay He good, he gainin' weight, then got a sharp shank He made, he say they play, they gotta partake Homie got a heart full of hate and a face full of war paint Eyes all red, full of rage and it's hard to escape from a dark place East side niggas from the A, niggas all ages Tryna sell a pound of the dog cage All the OGs 'round town was our age Danger, sex, and drugs, X and R-rated Danger, sex, and drugs, shit be outrageous But don't get this shit fucked up, my boy Ya lucked up once, then ya doubled up I dribble and pass it to the cup and triple-double it Get to the basket, get the cash and cuddle up Cover up, bundle up, batter up (Batter up) Um, talk a lot of smack and I could back it up Shawty wanna shag, wanna shack it up I can put her pussy on the platter like a platypus Nappy-head nigga, hair natted up I said, \"Barbara,\" a nigga tatted up I won't argue, nigga mad as fuck 'Cause they ain't compatible, I'm finna catapult But niggas know it's goin' (Down, down, down, down, do-do-do-do\u2014) "}, "Road Rage by\u00a0Eminem,\u00a0Dem Jointz & Sly PyperLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Part I]  [Intro: Sly Pyper] This rap shit divided by panty lines, mm, which side are you on? (Pussy) Social media got you fuckin' in pantomime, damn, why that line so long? (Rookie) I'm just caught up in the rapture, tryna be a rap star, I hope I make it out alive (Alive) I'm a master at masquerading and actin' like I ain't faded, only I can see through my disguise  [Verse 1: Eminem] Yeah, I walk around more confused than my aunt Linda's man-friend A black transgender Klan member (What?) Who's a Caitlyn Jenner fan and a (What?) Member of Grindr and Tinder Head empty as an abandoned a\u2014 (Yeah) 'Partment while I'm dancing a\u2014 'Round all these names and lab\u0435ls that I can't memo\u2014 (What the fuck?) 'Rize, now my ant\u0435nnaes Are up on this PC shit, I'm finna Go out on my shield like Captain A\u2014 (What?) 'Merica, transcender  [Chorus: Dem Jointz] I'm the god of fa\u00e7ade (Woo), give me a road rage reason To black the fuck out and roll with the heathens Road rage, vroom, vroom, vroom, and I'm speedin' Fuck that red light, I'm tryna get even "}, "HoudiniLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Skit: Paul Rosenberg] Hey, Em, it's Paul Uh, I was listening to the album Good fucking luck, you're on your own  [Intro: Eminem] Guess who's back, back again? Shady's back, tell a friend Guess who's back, guess who's back Guess who's back, guess who's back Guess who's back, guess who's back Guess who's back (Da-da-da, da, da, da, da, da, da) (Da-da-da, da, da, da, da)  [Verse 1: Eminem] Well, look what the stork brung (What?) Little baby devil with the forked tongue And it's stickin' out, yeah, like a sore thumb (Bleah) With a forehead that it grew horns from Still a white jerk Pullin' up in a Chrysler to the cypher with the vic's, percs and a Bud Light shirt Lyrical technician, an electrician y'all light work And I don't gotta play pretend, it's you I make believe And you know I'm here to stay 'cause me If I was to ever take a leave, It would be aspirin to break a feve If I was to ask for Megan Thee Stallion if she would collab with me Would I really have a shot at a feat? (Ha!) I don't know, but I'm glad to be back, like "}, "Breaking News (skit)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Skit: Kimberly Gill, Devin Scillian, Slim Shady & Eminem] Aight, now I'm 'bout to show you somethin' What? (Shh, watch) Now to breaking news, and it turns on this week in music Detroit rapper Eminem, in a stunning move, has released an album (What? Shh) In which he is actually trying to cancel himself Man, what the fuck? And right now, at this hour, we got protestors lining the streets downtown Where Kimberly Gill is standing by, KG Hi, Devin, we are outside Eminem's Mom's Spaghetti (Man, this some bullshit) Where, as you can see behind me People are definitely upset over Eminem's new album And are actually calling to boycott the rapper (Haha) For songs that include insensitive comments about little people People with mental disabilities, transgender rights and the first amendment (Hahahaha, haha)"}, "Guilty Conscience 2Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem & Slim Shady] Welp, we did it now I know, right? It's beautiful, ain't it? Yeah, you happy now, bitch? Yep Alright, you\u2005got\u2005what you wanted Yeah,\u2005what? Let me go Ha, never  [Verse: Eminem & Slim Shady] Why does it\u2005feel like I'm always being tortured? The bad apple spoils the whole orchard Used to read comic books to learn more words 'Cause deep down, I'm a dork, just a core nerd Meaning nerd to the core 'til I'm cornered Then I'm the coroner What shot is this? First, second, it's your third Vision is more blurred Speech is more slurred Can't even form words It's lik\u0435 a dream up inside of a dream I'm trapp\u0435d in It's worse than I could've imagined, it's madness Can't wake up, try my damnedest, but old habits are coming back And now transgenders attack us, frontwards and backwards They laugh and throw midgets at us (Ha) This ain't no dream now, huh? See what I mean now? You see how they're tryna make me out to be some kind of mean, vile,  obscene, foul prick? I kick one freestyle (Damn) 'bout beatin' down a special-needs child and these people freak out (Timmy) Told you we'd get slaughtered for sayin', \"Retarded\" Aw, Marshall's getting a conscience (Fuck you) This may come as a shock or have you astonished, regardless Here's the thing 'bout retarded people (What?) They don't fuckin' know they're retarded Well, okay, you wanna fat shame Bitch, two can play that game (What?) You wanna judge people? (Yeah) Matter of fact, ain't you the same one who hated bullies calling you bad names? (Yep) Then you turned around and did the exact same (So?) Just immature and literally, you're still mentally thirteen And still thirsty for some controversy You're still pickin' on Christopher Reeves Yeah, but you're me, and we're a team So that means, we're in cahoots That's conspiracy to commit murder lyrically So clearly, you're the accessory like jewelry You ain't the judge or the jury, you're just as guilty You rip on paraplegics, man, seriously? Oh, bitch, it's a joke No, it's not, it's embarrassing (What?) Like David Carradine found with a pair of jeans at his ankles and belt 'round his larynx I know, it's a scary scene They're coming with everything Little people are trolling me (Ha) They saying they've had it (What?) up to here with me Oh, hilarity (Come on) Nah, do your thing Fuck deaf people, yeah Well, between me and you I think they've had it up to here with me too (What the fuck?) Sorry I'm not perfect as you, Marshall Punching down on little people (Yeah), not cool (Whoops) You just sound like a dick, wait, nah, fool (What?) When I say, \"Fuck midgets,\" I mean Ja Rule (Oh) And I know that Chris Reeves song was recorded in 2004 for Encore (Yeah) Fuck'd you take it off for? 'Cause he died Man, that motherfucker did that bullshit on purpose to ruin the song for us (Man) Man, I never seen a bigger pussy than you Bitch, look at all the shit the media's puttin' me through (What?) 'Cause of all the fuck shit that you pushed me to do (Me?) Shoulda knew when I found you, you were just too good to be true (Hmm) That's how we end up in these quagmires You said you had my back, liar But I helped you get your stacks higher (Yeah) That's diamond sales like sapphires Rap buyers at Meijers, packed lines of admirers Now they say you lack ire That's why your satire backfires (Yeah) Flat tires, no longer that guy you were prior to this Yeah, and I scare you 'cause (Why?) I'm who you used to be (Who?) The you who didn't crumble under the scrutiny (Wait, what?) When it was you and me (Yeah) I gave you power to use me as an excuse to be evil (I know) You created me to say everything you didn't have the balls to say (Yep) What you were thinkin', but in a more diabolic way You fed me pills and a bottle of alcohol a day (Okay) Made me too strong for you and lost control of me (You're right) I took over you totally You were socially awkward 'til you molded me (Yeah) You was a loner, a nobody 'Cause of me, you didn't take shit from nobody Now look at you (What?) Now you just a punk (Man), little scaredy cat (Word) Got you shook like Shakira's ass (Yeah) To look at your reflection staring back Bitch (Uh-huh), it's just a mirror, relax Man, you're so full of shit, you need MiraLAX (What?) Open your mouth and shit flies out (Uh) just lies You thinkin' you can whip my ass, undo these zipties (Word) You can just undo my feet and keep my hands tied 'Cause like an avalanche, I'd still win by a landslide Oh, you think so, bitch? Yeah, I know so Okay, your hands and feet, I let 'em both go Yeah, fuck now, ho, give me that gun, no, don't, ah Rear naked chokehold, let me go, yo Here, take it, bozo (Yeah) Queer bait, you homo (You ready?) No, don't shoot (Here we go) Bro, no, no Now say you're sorry and you didn't mean any of it I'm sorry Marshall's a pussy, he's Dre and Jimmy's puppet (What?) Sorry he gives a fuck, but pretends he doesn't Alright, you piece of shit, that does it (Uh-oh, wait) Yeah, bitch, this is for him (What?) Christopher, MGK, Nick, and for Limp Bizkit and them Midgets and Ben\u2014 (Man, please) 'Zino, in addition to him Will Smith and to Canibus, if you're listening, this is the end (Okay, okay, I'll stop) So to Jamar and Ja Rule and to all My feuds including ma (What?) I'm welcoming you to my (No, no) Last hoorah, I bid you goodbye (Come on, man, don't do this) Murder suicide Killshot, booyaka, cock sucker Coup de gr\u00e2ce, motherfucker "}, "Head Honcho by\u00a0Eminem\u00a0& Ez MilLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Verse 1: Ez Mil] Doin' my best just to not blow my cover Know it's all just a test, but I can't pass up this hunger There's still a hole in my chest and I'm tryna strap it with numbers All you hoes got your checks, but I'm a queen when I run up Cross a king with my hunters, shootin' threes in abundance Rookie Gs actin' thuggish, you're pawns to me, shut the fuck up Annihilation's what we love, steady hittin', gettin' dodged Just wait 'til we get the guns out Kwarenta-singko na kalibre o nuwebe, 'kaw na bahala Sa dinami-rami mong mali, utak mo lang may tama Sa kitid mo mag-isip, pare, 'la ka man lang na banat Naglalim-laliman, ang sarap mong ilublob sa dagat 'Di kailangang magpatunay sa sinuman ang nakikinig 'Di masasalag ng sintido o ng iyong bibig Picture this, I might be a hero to your little kid Or a villain, either way, I'm the fuckin' head  [Chorus: Ez Mil] I'm the head honcho, money com\u0435 from my flow Que hubole, blanco? Then g\u0435t the bread pronto (Uh-huh) Yeah, I'm the head honcho, money come from my flow (Yeah) Que hubole, blanco? (Uh) Then get the bread pronto (Look, I got)  [Verse 2: Ez Mil] Got loose strips, two grip, that's the shit I'm smooth with I'm the new kid that these fathers can't fool with Send my new slips as tightly than how these boots fit I got that new drip that drowned titanical cruise ships Don't you dib and dabble too close Just watch us from the distance, I don't fuck with all that glucose You fall and need assistance, I could do the same, but who knows? I'd rather say, \"Good riddance,\" Jack the Ripper rippin' paroles Annihilate with persistence to try to say somethin' different But by today, I'm just spittin' to rhyme while makin' a livin' But mama say that I'm different, she proud of how I do business I kinda resemble Hitman that got away from the killin' "}, "Temporary by\u00a0Eminem\u00a0& Skylar GreyLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem & Hailie Jade] A lot of people ask me Am I afraid of death? The truth is, I think what scares me the most Is not being able to say all the things I wanna say to you when I'm no longer here So this song is for Hailie, for when that day comes Where's Hailie? Where's she at? This ain't Hailie Who is it? It's a monster (Ahh)  [Verse 1: Skylar Grey, Hailie Jade & Eminem] I've been waiting all night for the sunrise To take away the dark sky You're the dad monster and them are the baby monsters and I'm the mom monster (Oh) All it takes is a new day sometimes To get me in a better state of mind Give me a kiss, monster, give me a kiss Love you (I love you)  [Pre-Chorus: Skylar Grey] If I could just fall asleep I'd be lost in a dream But right now, it's misery And I just have to remember "}, "Bad One by\u00a0Eminem\u00a0& White GoldLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem] Yo, Dre, yeah I'ma just lay back on this one Let me apologize in advance (I like that) Fuck it, forgive me (Alright) Fuck it, I don't mean to sound (You ready?) arrogant (Fuck it, yeah) but  [Verse 1: Eminem] Yeah, my head up in the sky again (Woo) But even that, my stacks are higher than Money pile like Tony Stark's That's how much I earn, man (Damn) Girl, my head is swole, I feel incredible as the Hulk Meaning I'm trying to smash (Haha, woo) So come get in line like Santa And climb up inside my lap (Come on) While I devise a plan (Shh) Won't be talkin' about Purell (Yeah) When Santa ties your hands (Haha) And I am an Industrial-strength high-end brand Frying pan Rap is something that I've just had the skill at for some time, and am An artist who can draw a crowd like a diagram Like drawing breath from your diaphragm I've achieved every aspiration that I have had Got a diamond plaque or two or three or four But that don't change my attitude, I got a bad one "}, "Tobey by\u00a0Eminem,\u00a0Big Sean & BabyTronLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: BabyTron & Big Sean] Shit, fuck, shit Boy, huh  [Chorus: BabyTron] Tobey Maguire got bit by a spider, but see, me, it was\u2005a\u2005goat If you want\u2005space, I hope you take your\u2005helmet off soon as you get up to Venus and choke Even while sleepin', be thinkin' so woke White Cartiers, all I'm seein' is dope My city Leia and I'm Obi-Wan, got a mission to pass, I just might be the hope Tobey Maguire got bit by a spider, but see, me, it was a goat If you want space, I hope you take your helmet off soon as you get up to Venus and choke Even while sleepin', be thinkin' so woke White Cartiers, all I'm seein' is dope My city Leia and I'm Obi-Wan, got a mission to pass, I just might be the hope  [Verse 1: BabyTron] No espa\u00f1ol, I'm allergic to rojo and legally blind, all I'm seein' is \"go\" D to the A, there and back, if we ride with the Drac', can't smoke from the T to the O Upped than a bitch, you can keep what you owe Granny told me, \"Boy, you reap what you sow\" Do the most, we over-even the score Said he on the run, glued his feet to the floor Up in my Tesla, I'm rollin' up 'Ishers, I stopped at Valero, think I should quit smokin' Life is a gamble and I'm playin' slots, pull it down, close my eyes and I pray I win tokens All Wock', no pop, how we drop, you can come and take a baby sip, still taste that it's potent One of one, sittin' 'round the stars, double R, finna race, yeah, the Wraith like a spaceship, it's floatin' All this drip, think I am below sea level Cut your own wrist off with that weak bezel Ride around with the Iron Giant, make 'em eat metal Watch unc' break a rock down to three pebbles Bam-bam, down three, hit the grand slam Four pockets full, fully switched, go wham-wham Pants cramp, pull it down, I'm countin' 'til my hands cramp Wrote \"DSM\" on the beach, now the sand stamped "}, "Guess Who\u2019s Back (skit)Lyrics": {"lyrics": "[Interlude] Eh Been waiting a long time for this shit Long time no see Thought you got rid of my ass, huh? Eh Half a bag of Viagra I'm gonna reach around and grab ya Bruh Sometimes I wonder if my homie's gay Wait, where'd everybody go? They left me again Eh Half a bag of Viagra I'm gonna reach around and grab ya Bruh"}, "Somebody Save Me by\u00a0Eminem\u00a0& Jelly RollLyrics": {"lyrics": "[Intro: Eminem & Alaina] Daddy? Huh? Food's here Kept buyin' and see who gets it Come eat Alaina, I'm so tired Just come eat Alaina, I'll be there in a minute, I promise Stop But wake up Shut the door  [Chorus: Jelly Roll] Somebody save me Me from myself I've spent so long livin' in hell  [Verse 1: Eminem] Another pill as I start to spiral Message to my daughters I don't even deserve the father title Hailie, I'm so sorry I know I wasn't there for your first guitar recital Didn't walk you down the aisle Missed the birth of your first child Your first podcast, lookin' down, sweetie I'm so proud of how you turned out Sorry that I chose drugs and put 'em above you Sorry that I didn't love you enough to Give 'em up, how the fuck do I not love you more than a pill? Lookin' up to the ceilin' from this floor, wonder will "}}}